<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1325964_0001079973-24-001503.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5697983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1762276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1194113</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1179811</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1251774</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001503.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112170116
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001503
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightwave Logic, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001325964
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PLASTIC PRODUCTS [3080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				820497368
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40766
		FILM NUMBER:		241449621

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		369 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720) 340-4949

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		369 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	THIRD-ORDER NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070320

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	THIRD-ORDER NANOTECHNOLOIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSI TEC HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001503.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 lwlg_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _____________________ 

FORM 

 ____________________ 

 (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________to _____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
 code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes 

The number of shares of the registrant s common
stock outstanding as of November 12, 2024 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 
 Financial Information 

Item 1 
 Financial Statements 
 2 

Item 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 

Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 

Part II 
 Other Information 

Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 48 

Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 

Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 

Item 5 
 Other Information 
 49 

Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 49 

Signatures 
 50 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report on Form 10-Q contains,
and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe
harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words
such as: anticipate, intend, plan, goal, seek, believe, 
 project, estimate, expect, continuing, ongoing, strategy, 
 future, likely, may, should, could, will and similar
references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding expected operating
results, such as anticipated revenue; anticipated levels of capital expenditures for our current fiscal year; our belief that we have,
or will have, sufficient liquidity to fund our business operations during the next 12 months; strategy for gaining customers, growth,
product development, market position, financial results and reserves. 

Forward-looking statements are
neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and
assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial
condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those
indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: inability to generate significant revenue or to manage
growth; lack of available funding; lack of a market for or market acceptance of our products; competition from third parties; general
economic and business conditions; intellectual property rights of third parties; changes in the price of our stock and dilution; 
regulatory constraints and potential legal liability; ability to maintain effective internal controls; security breaches, cybersecurity
attacks and other significant disruptions in our information technology systems; changes in technology and methods of marketing; delays
in completing various engineering and manufacturing programs; changes in customer order patterns and qualification of new customers; changes
in product mix; success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations; shortages in components; production delays
due to performance quality issues with outsourced components; other risks to which our Company is subject; and other factors
beyond the Company s control. 

The ultimate correctness of these
forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. We discuss our known material risks under Part
I Item 1.A Risk Factors contained in our Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023,
and Part II, Item 1.A Risk Factors in this report on Form 10-Q. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent
to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

The forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. 

ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

CONTENTS 

PAGE 

BALANCE SHEETS 
 2 

STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

3 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 4 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 5 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 6-19 

1 

LIGHTWAVE
LOGIC, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 UNAUDITED 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts Receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT - NET 

OTHER ASSETS 

Intangible assets - net 

Operating Lease - Right
 of Use - Building 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued bonuses and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related
 parties 

Contract liability 

Deferred lease liability 

Operating lease liability 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liability 

TOTAL LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value,
 authorized, shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock par value,
 authorized, and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Deferred compensation 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

2 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three 
 For the Three 
 For the Nine 
 For the Nine 

Months Ended 
 Months Ended 
 Months Ended 
 Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

NET SALES 

COST AND EXPENSE 

Cost of sales 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

TOTAL COST AND EXPENSE 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest income 

Commitment fee 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment and intangible assets 

Other expense 

NET LOSS 

LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

3 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (UNAUDITED) 

NINE-MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Additional 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Deficit 
 Total 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2023 

Common stock issued to institutional investor 

Common stock issued for commitment shares 

Common stock sales at the market by investment banking company 

Exercise of options 

Exercise of warrants 

Options issued for services 

Restricted stock awards issued for future services 

Deferred compensation 

Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

NINE-MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Additional 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Deficit 
 Total 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common stock issued to institutional investor 

Common stock issued for commitment shares 

Common stock sales at the market by investment banking company 

Exercise of options 

Exercise of warrants 

Options issued for services 

Restricted stock awards issued for future services 

Deferred compensation 

Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

4 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (UNAUDITED) 

THREE-MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Additional 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Deficit 
 Total 

BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 

Common stock issued to institutional investor 

Common stock issued for commitment shares 

Common stock sales at the market by investment banking company 

Exercise of options 

Exercise of warrants 

Options issued for services 

Restricted stock awards issued for future services 

Deferred compensation 

Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

THREE-MONTH PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Additional 

Number of 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Deferred 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Compensation 
 Deficit 
 Total 

BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 

Common stock issued to institutional investor 

Common stock issued for commitment shares 

Common stock sales at the market by investment banking company 

Exercise of options 

Exercise of warrants 

Options issued for services 

Restricted stock awards issued for future services 

Deferred compensation 

Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 

BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

5 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine 
 For the Nine 

Months Ended 
 Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Stock options issued for services 

Amortization of deferred compensation 

Common stock issued for commitment shares 

Depreciation and amortization of patents 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment and intangible assets 

Decrease in assets 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

(Decrease) increase in liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued bonuses, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses-related parties 

Contract liability 

Deferred lease liability 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cost of intangibles 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Repayment of loan 

Sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Exercise of options and warrants 

Issuance of common stock, institutional investor 

Common stock sales at the market by investment banking company 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Non-cash investing and financing activities : 

Amended Operating Lease - Right of Use - Building and Operating lease
liability 

See
accompanying notes to these financial statements. 

6 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Revenue associated with the sale of the Company s
patented electro-optic polymer materials for incorporation into the customers commercial photonic devices or for their device development
and evaluation activities will be recognized at the time title passes, which is typically at the time of shipment or at the time of delivery,
depending upon the contractual agreement between the parties. 

of
expenditures per month over the next 12 months. The Company s current cash position enables it to finance its operations
through February 2026. On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with an institutional investor to sell up
to of
common stock over a 36-month period (described in Note 10). Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the Company received in
October and November 2024 and the remaining available amount of is
available to the Company per the agreement. On December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a sales agreement with an investment
banking company whereby the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to from
time to time through or to the investment banking company, as sales agent or principal (described in Note 10). Pursuant to the sales
agreement, the Company received in
October and November 2024. The remaining available amount of is
available to the Company per the agreement. The Company's first commercial agreement occurred in May 2023 from a material supply and
license agreement that incorporates the Company's patented electro-optic polymer materials for use
in manufacturing photonic devices (described in Note 3). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company
recognized and
 in
revenue, respectively, related to this agreement. The Company s cash requirements are expected to increase at a rate
consistent with the Company s path to revenue as it expands its activities and operations with the objective of increasing its
revenue stream from the commercialization of its electro-optic polymer technology. The Company currently has no debt to service. 

The Company's first commercial agreement occurred
in May 2023, in the form of a four-year material supply and license agreement (the License Agreement that incorporates
the Company's patented electro-optic polymer materials for use in manufacturing of photonic devices (the Licensed Product ).
The licensee shall pay the Company a running royalty with a minimum royalty paid on an annual basis over the term of the License Agreement.
Additional future revenue will be generated from royalties from the licensee s sale of Licensed Product that exceed the minimum
royalty payments and milestone license fees. The License Agreement is a non-exclusive material supply and license agreement. 

During 2024, the Company performed device processing
work for a customer. 

Timing of Revenue Recognition and Contract
Balances 

 Revenues
related to the initial license fee and a minimum annual royalty are recognized over time commencing with the License Agreement in
May 2023. An up-front license fee in the amount of 
was paid during the period ending December 31, 2023. 
of this amount is recorded as a contract liability in current liabilities on the Company s balance sheet as of September 30,
2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 
and ,
respectively, in revenue related to this agreement. 

 In March 2024, the Company completed device processing
work on the devices supplied by a customer. Revenue for this contract was recognized at the time of shipment of the devices back to the
customer and amounted to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Contract balances are as
follows: 

Short-term contract assets 

Long-term contract assets 

Short-term contract liability 

Significant changes in the contract balances
for the period ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 

Revenue recognized that was previously included in contract liability 

Decreases/increases due to cash received 

Billed receivables recorded 

Transferred to receivables from unbilled receivables 

Unbilled receivables recorded 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Assets Recognized for the Costs to
Obtain a Contract 

 There are no assets recognized for the
costs to obtain the License Agreement. 

License 

Rent 

Other 

Investor relations 

Prototype devices 

Materials fabrication 

Deposit for equipment 

Lease incentive receivable 

bearing interest
at per annum with a maturity date of . The loan and interest were repaid in February and March 2023. The Company
recorded and of interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and used the average exchange rate for
the conversion of the EUR denominated interest income for the period. 

Lab equipment 

Furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
was and , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company didn t retire any property
and equipment. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company retired property and equipment with a cost of and
accumulated depreciation of for a loss of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold equipment
for proceeds of and a loss of . 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Amortization expense for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was
 and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company retired certain expired patent
applications and patents with a cost of and accumulated amortization of for a loss of . There were patent
costs written off for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

square feet of office, chemistry, clean room and research and development
space located in Colorado for the Company s principal executive offices and research and development facility. The term of
the lease is sixty- one months, beginning on and ending on . In January 2022, the term was
extended for an additional twenty-four months. This extension did not require a lease modification as the additional option period
was included in the original computation as of January 1, 2019. Base rent for the first year of the lease term is approximately ,
with an increase in annual base rent of approximately in each subsequent year of the lease term. As specified in the lease, the
Company paid the landlord (i) all base rent for the period November 1, 2017 and ending on October 31, 2019, in the sum of ; and
(ii) the estimated amount of tenant s proportionate share of operating expenses for the same period in the sum of . Commencing
on , monthly installments of base rent and one-twelfth of landlord s estimate of tenant s proportionate share
of annual operating expenses shall be due on the first day of each calendar month. The lease also provides that (i) on November 1, 2019
landlord shall pay the Company for the cost of the cosmetic improvements in the amount of per rentable square foot of the premises,
and (ii) on or prior to November 1, 2019, the Company shall deposit with Landlord the sum of as a security deposit which shall
be held by landlord to secure the Company s obligations under the lease. On October 30, 2017, the Company entered into an
agreement with the tenant leasing the premise from the landlord Original Lessee whereby the Original Lessee agreed to
pay the Company the sum of in consideration of the Company entering into the lease and landlord agreeing to the early termination
of the Original Lessee s lease agreement with landlord. The consideration of was received on November 1, 2017. 
of this amount is recorded on the Company s balance sheet as deferred lease liability as of September 30, 2024. 

As a result of adoption of the ASU 2016-02 
 Leases (Topic 842), the Company has capitalized the present value of the minimum lease payments commencing November 1, 2019,
including the additional option period using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of . The minimum lease payments do not include
common area annual expenses which are considered to be non-lease components. 

As of January 1, 2019 the operating lease right-of-use
asset and operating lease liability amounted to with no cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings/accumulated
deficit. 

On November 22, 2022, the Company entered into an
amendment to the Lease the Amended Lease to lease an additional approximately 9,684 square feet of adjacent office and
warehouse space. The term of the Amended Lease is one hundred twenty months, with an effective date of . Base
rent through January 31, 2024 of the Amended Lease term is approximately per month. The base rent for the next full year of the
Amended Lease term is approximately , with an increase in annual base rent of approximately in each subsequent year of the
lease term. Commencing on June 1, 2023, monthly installments of base rent and one-twelfth of landlord s estimate of tenant s
proportionate share of annual operating expenses shall be due on the first day of each calendar month. The Amended Lease also provides
an allowance of up to to be used solely for the cost of renovations to the additional lease premises. As of June 1, 2023, the
operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability amounted to . As of September 30, 2024, the operating lease
right-of-use asset and operating lease liability amounted to and , respectively. 

The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities arising from short-term leases. There are no other material operating leases. 

Undiscounted future minimum lease payments under
the Amended Lease as of September 30, 2024, by year and in aggregate, including the extended term, are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Less discounted interest 

TOTAL 

Rent expense totaling and is included in research and
development and general and administrative expenses, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Rent expense
totaling and is included in research and development and general and administrative expenses, respectively, for the
three months ended September 30, 2023. Rent expense totaling and is included in research and development and
general and administrative expenses, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Rent expense totaling and
 is included in research and development and general and administrative expenses, respectively, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023. 

income tax benefit for the losses for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 since management has determined that the realization of the net deferred tax
asset is not assured and has created a valuation allowance for the entire amount of such benefits. 

The Company s policy is to record interest and
penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the statement of operations. As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, or any tax related interest or penalties, and it does not expect significant changes in
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to occur within the next twelve months. There were changes in the Company s unrecognized
tax benefits during the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. The Company did t recognize any interest or penalties
during 2023 related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

With few exceptions, the U.S. and state income tax
returns filed for the tax years ending on December 31, 2020 and thereafter are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities.
Net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards are subject to examination in the year they are utilized regardless of whether the tax year in
which they are generated has been closed by the statute. The amount subject to disallowance is limited to the NOL utilized. Accordingly,
the company may be subject to examination for prior NOLs generated as such NOLs are utilized. 

On October 4, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase
agreement with the institutional investor to sell up to of common stock over a 36-month period. Concurrently with entering
into the purchase agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement which provides the institutional investor with
certain registration rights related to the shares issued under the purchase agreement. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the Company
issued shares of common stock to the institutional investor as an initial commitment fee valued at fair value, and 
shares of common stock were reserved for additional commitment fees to the institutional investor in accordance with the terms of the
purchase agreement. During the period October 4, 2021 through June 30, 2023, the institutional investor purchased shares of
common stock for proceeds of and the Company issued shares of common stock as additional commitment fee, valued at
 fair value. All of the registered shares under the purchase agreement have been issued as of December 31, 2023. 

On February 28, 2023, the Company
entered into a purchase agreement with an institutional investor to sell up to 
of common stock over a 36-month period. Concurrently with entering into the purchase agreement, the Company also entered into a
registration rights agreement which provides the institutional investor with certain registration rights related to the shares
issued under the purchase agreement. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to the institutional investor as an initial commitment fee valued at 
fair value, and 
shares of common stock are reserved for additional commitment fees to the institutional investor in accordance with the terms of the
purchase agreement. During the period February 28, 2023 through September 30, 2024, the institutional investor purchased 
shares of common stock for proceeds of 
and the Company issued 
shares of common stock as additional commitment fee, valued at 
fair value, leaving 
in reserve for additional commitment fees. During the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to the
purchase agreement, the institutional investor purchased and
 shares of common stock for proceeds of and
 , and the Company issued 
and shares of common stock as additional commitment fee, valued at 
and fair value, respectively. During October and November 2024, pursuant to the purchase agreement, the institutional investor
purchased shares
of common stock for proceeds of and
the Company issued shares
of common stock as additional commitment fee, valued at 
fair value, leaving in
reserve for additional commitment fees. 

On December 9, 2022, the Company entered into a sales
agreement with an investment banking company. In accordance with the terms of this sales agreement, the Company may offer and sell shares
of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to from time to time through or to the investment banking company,
as sales agent or principal. Sales of shares of the Company s common stock, if any, may be made by any method deemed to be an at
the market offering . The sales agent will be entitled to compensation under the terms of the sales agreement at a commission rate
equal to of the gross proceeds of the sales price of common stock that they sell. During the three-month period ended September 30,
2024, pursuant to the sales agreement, the investment banking company sold shares of the Company s common stock for proceeds
of after a payment of the commission in the amount of to the investment banking company. During the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2024, pursuant to the sales agreement, the investment banking company sold shares of the Company s
common stock for proceeds of after a payment of the commission in the amount of to the investment banking company. During
October and November 2024, pursuant to the sales agreement, the investment banking company sold shares of the Company s
common stock for proceeds of after a payment of the commission in the amount of to the investment banking company. 

shares of common stock to directors, officers, employees and consultants who
provide services to the Company. The 2007 Plan is intended to permit stock options granted to employees under the 2007 Plan to qualify
as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Incentive Stock Options ).
All options granted under the 2007 Plan, which are not intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options are deemed to be non-qualified options Non-Statutory Stock Options ). 

Effective June 24, 2016, the 2007 Plan was terminated.
As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase shares of common stock have been issued and are outstanding. 

During 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company
adopted the 2016 Plan that was approved by the shareholders at the 2016 annual meeting of shareholders on May 20, 2016. Under the 2016
Plan, the Company is authorized to grant awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options and restricted stock to purchase up to 
shares of common stock to employees, directors and consultants. Effective May 16, 2019, the number of shares of the Company s common
stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan was increased from to shares. Effective May 25, 2023, the number
of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan was increased from to shares
and awards of restricted stock units are authorized for issuance. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase shares of common
stock have been issued and are outstanding and restricted shares of common stock are issued. As of September 30, 2024, 
shares of common stock remain available for grants under the 2016 Plan. 

Both plans are administered by the Company s Board of Directors or
its compensation committee which determines the persons to whom awards will be granted, the number of awards to be granted, and the specific
terms of each grant. Subject to the provisions regarding Ten Percent Shareholders, (as defined in the 2016 Plan), the exercise price per
share of each option cannot be less than 100 of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. Options
granted under the 2016 Plan are generally exercisable for a period of years from the date of grant and may vest on the grant date,
another specified date or over a period of time. 

The Company uses the 
option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of an award, with the following assumptions for 2024 and 2023: 
dividend yield in all years, expected volatility, based on the Company s historical volatility, 
to ,
for 2024 and to for 2023, risk-free interest rate between 
to for 2024 and to for 2023,
and expected option life of 
years. Prior to May 2018, the expected life is based on the estimated average of the life of options using the
 simplified method, as prescribed in FASB ASC 718, due to insufficient historical exercise activity during recent
years. Starting in May 2018, the expected life is based on the legal contractual life of options. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was 
 of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested market-based share awards that is expected to be recognized through
September 2027. As of September 30, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested market-based
share awards that is expected to be recognized through September 2026. 

Share-based compensation was recognized as follows: 

2016 Equity Incentive Plan restricted stock awards 

Warrants 

Total share-based compensation 

The following tables summarize all stock option and
warrant activity of the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 

- 

Granted 
 
 - 

Forfeited 
 
 - 

Exercised 
 
 - 

Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 
 - 

Exercisable, September 30, 2024 
 
 - 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options and warrants
outstanding and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 was . The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between
the exercise price of the underlying options and warrants and the closing stock price of for the Company s common stock on
September 30, 2024. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, options were exercised for proceeds of and
 warrants were exercised for proceeds of . 

 - 
 
 Years 

Restricted Stock Awards 

On March 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors approved grants totaling Restricted Stock Awards to the Company s four outside directors. Each RSA had
a grant date fair value of which shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period into director s compensation
expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. Such RSAs were granted under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016
Plan and vest in total shares on March 16, 2023, with the remaining vesting in 33 equal monthly installments in total of
 shares beginning April 1, 2023. 

On August 1, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors approved a grant totaling Restricted Stock Awards to the Company s outside director. Each RSA had a grant
date fair value of which shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period into director s compensation
expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. Such RSA was granted under the 2016 Plan. shares from this grant
vested on August 1, with the remaining vesting in 28 equal monthly installments in total of shares beginning September 1, 2023. 

On June 18, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors approved grants totaling Restricted Stock Awards to the Company s five outside directors. Each RSA had
a grant date fair value of which shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period into director s compensation
expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. Such RSAs were granted under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016
Plan and vested in total shares on June 18, 2024, with the remaining vesting in 10 equal quarterly installments in total
of shares beginning July 1, 2024. 

On August 1, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors approved a grant totaling Restricted Stock Awards to the Company s outside director. Each RSA had a grant
date fair value of which shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period into director s compensation
expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. Such RSA was granted under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016
Plan and vests in 9 equal quarterly installments of shares beginning September 1, 2024. 

On September 4, 2024, the Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors approved a grant totaling Restricted Stock Awards to the Company s outside director. Each RSA had
a grant date fair value of which shall be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period into director s compensation
expenses within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss. Such RSA was granted under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016
Plan and vests in 8 equal quarterly installments of shares beginning October 1, 2024. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, 100 of
the unvested Restricted Stock shall vest as of the date of the Change in Control. Upon vesting, the restrictions on the shares lapse. 

The fair value of restricted stock awards is estimated
by the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. Restricted stock activity during the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled and forfeited 

Non-vested, end of period 

Restricted stock awards are being amortized to expense over the vesting
period. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the unamortized value of the RSAs was and , respectively. 

, directors fees accrual in the amount of , accrual for consulting fees to related party of ,
and travel and office expense reimbursement accruals of officers and directors in the amount of . At December 31, 2023 the Company
had a legal accrual to a related party of , accounting service fee accrual and expense reimbursement to related parties of ,
fees and travel expense accruals to directors in the amount of , fees, consulting expense and travel expense accruals of advisory
board members in the amount of , and travel and office expense accruals of officers in the amount of . 

and , respectively, was charged to expense for all eligible non-executive participants. For the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, a contribution of and , respectively, was charged to expense for all eligible non-executive participants. 

19 

Item 2. 	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should
not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached
herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment
of our management. This information should also be read in conjunction with our audited historical financial statements which are included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February
29, 2024. 

Overview 

Lightwave
Logic, Inc. (the Company is a technology company focused on the development of next generation electro-optic photonic
devices made on its P 2 IC technology platform which we have detailed as: 1) Polymer Stack , 2) Polymer Plus ,
and 3) Polymer Slot . Our unique polymer technology platform uses in-house proprietary high-activity and high-stability organic
polymers. Electro-optical devices called modulators convert data from electric signals into optical signals for multiple applications. 

Our differentiation at the
modulator device level is in higher speed, lower power consumption, simplicity of manufacturing, small footprint (size), and
reliability. We have demonstrated higher speed and lower power consumption in packaged devices, and during 2023, we continued to
make advances in techniques to translate our world class material properties to efficient, reliable modulator devices with
commercial foundries. We are currently focused on testing and demonstrating the simplicity of manufacturability and reliability of
our devices, including in conjunction with the silicon photonics manufacturing ecosystem. In 2023 we worked with silicon-based
foundry partners to help scale in volume our polymer modulator devices and we received working modulator chips from these foundries.
We have advanced and matured our interactions with our foundry partners and we continue to receive working modulator chips for
prototyping. Silicon-based foundries are large semiconductor fabrication plants developed for the electronics IC business, that are
now engaging with silicon photonics to increase their wafer throughput. Partnering with silicon-based foundries not only
demonstrates that our polymer technology can be transferred into standard production lines using standard equipment, it also allows
us to efficiently utilize our capital. The foundry partnerships will allow us to scale our high-performance polymer optical engines
quickly and efficiently. We have now received silicon wafers that range up to 200mm in diameter, which aligns well with foundry
manufacturing. Using 200mm silicon wafers, we showed packaged polymer modulators operating with open (clean) eye diagrams at
100GBaud PAM4 (or 200Gbps PAM4) at voltage drive levels at 1V at the 2024 Optical Fiber Conference in San Diego, California in
March 2024 OFC 2024 "). OFC is a leading international conference bringing together the complete value chain of
fiber communications, datacentric, and telecommunications industrial players. We also showed polymer modulators with voltage drive
levels that were below 1V. Driving voltage levels of around 1V is important as it allows our polymer modulators to be driven
directly from CMOS ICs (as opposed to dedicated driver integrated circuit chips). This performance is ideal to enable 4 lanes at
200Gbps per lane pluggable transceivers that can operate at an aggregate data rate of 800Gbps. Since the invited talk at OFC 2024,
several Tier 1 pluggable transceiver companies have both reviewed our technical results and viewed operating packaged
polymer slot modulators at 200Gbps PAM4 with drive voltages at 1V. Further, we have recently demonstrated drive levels below 0.5V
which represents the highest performance commercially designed Electro-Optic polymer modulators to date. The impact of driving
optical modulators significantly below 1V is significant not only from the impact of directly driving modulators from electronic ICs
to save driver costs, but more importantly, savings in power consumption for the module system, which is a key issue for datacenter
operators today. 

Our extremely
strong and broad patent portfolio allows us to optimize our business model in three areas: 1) Traditional focus on product development,
2) Patent licensing and 3) Technology transfer to foundries. We are continually looking to strengthen our patent portfolio both by internal
inventions and acquisition of intellectual property. 

We are
initially targeting applications in fiber optic data communications and telecommunications markets and are exploring other applications
that include automotive/LIDAR, sensing, displays etc., for our polymer technology platform. Our goal is to have our unique polymer technology
platform become ubiquitous across many market verticals over and above the optical fiber optic communications markets. 

Generative
Artificial Intelligence (G-AI) has been integrating deeper within our daily activities with applications to make us more efficient and
possibly smarter. The impact on the internet is huge, and the internet is based on an optical network that utilizes data centers to route
and switch traffic or information to and from destinations. Data centers are being upgraded today in a fashion that the industry has not
seen before with significant investments of capital. The expected demands of increased traffic, information, and data driven by G-AI is
changing the way the internet is being operated. G-AI is now creating new and interesting market opportunities to upgrade the internet.
Three of these opportunities are important today: density, speed, and low power and these are very well aligned with our high performance
electro-optic polymers modulator platform. We are designing high performance polymer modulator optical engines to support the rise and
growth of G-AI as it generates more information that will travel through the internet and optical network. While we are not directly a
G-AI company designing electronic processors, we do see immediate benefits of enabling higher levels of information to cross the internet
using our optical polymer modulator platform. 

20 

Commencement of Commercial Operations 

We commenced commercial operations in May 2023. Presently,
our commercial operations consist of a material supply license agreement to provide Perkinamine chromophore
materials for polymer based photonic devices and photonic integrated circuits (PICs). The license agreement represents tangible commercial
progress for electro-optic polymers as part of our Company's business plan. Our Company is also in various stages of photonic device
and materials development and evaluation with potential customers and strategic partners. We expect to continue to obtain a revenue stream
from technology licensing agreements, and to obtain additional revenue streams from technology transfer agreements and direct sale of
our electro-optic device components. We have seen increased interest in our materials during 2023, which has continued into 2024 and we
are in discussions on future license agreements. Additionally, during 2024, our Company performed device processing work for a customer. 

Materials Development 

Our Company
designs and synthesizes organic chromophores for use in its own proprietary electro-optic polymer systems and photonic device
designs. A polymer system is not solely a material, but also encompasses various technical enhancements necessary for its implementation.
These include host polymers, poling methodologies, and molecular spacer systems that are customized to achieve specific optical properties.
Our organic electro-optic polymer systems compounds are mixed into solution form that allows for thin film application. Our proprietary
electro-optic polymers are designed at the molecular level for potentially superior performance, stability, and cost-efficiency. We believe
our proprietary and unique polymers have the potential to replace more expensive, higher power consuming, slower-performance materials
such as semiconductor-based modulator devices that are used in fiber-optic communication networks today. 

Our patented
and patent pending molecular architectures are based on a well-understood chemical and quantum mechanical occurrence known as aromaticity .
Aromaticity provides a high degree of molecular stability that enables our core molecular structures to maintain stability under a broad
range of operating conditions. 

We expect
our patented and patent-pending optical materials along with trade secrets and licensed materials, to be the core of and the enabling
technology for future generations of optical devices, modules, sub-systems, and systems that we will develop or enable our partners to
fully commercialize. Examples of our partners include electro-optic device manufacturers, contract manufacturers, original equipment
manufacturers, foundries, packaging and assembly manufacturers etc. Our Company contemplates future applications in market verticals that
may address the needs of semiconductor companies, optical network companies, Web 2.0/3.0 media companies, high performance computing companies,
telecommunications companies, aerospace companies, automotive companies, as well as for example, government agencies and defense entities. 

Device Design and Development 

Electro-optic Modulators 

Our Company
designs its own proprietary electro-optical modulation devices. Electro-optical modulators convert data from electric signals into optical
signals that can then be transmitted over high-speed fiber-optic cables. Our modulators are electro-optic, meaning they work because the
optical properties of the polymers are affected by electric fields applied by means of electrodes. Modulators are key components that
are used in fiber optic telecommunications, data communications, and data centers networks etc., to convey the high data flows that have
been driven by applications such as pictures, video streaming, movies etc., that are being transmitted through the Internet. Electro-optical
modulators are expected to continue to be an essential element as the appetite and hunger for data increases every year as well as the
drive towards lower power consumption, and smaller footprint (size). 

Polymer Photonic Integrated
Circuits 

Our Company
also designs its own proprietary Photonic Integrated Circuits (otherwise termed a polymer PIC). A polymer PIC is a photonic device that
integrates several photonic functions on a single chip. We believe that our technology can enable an ultra-miniaturization footprint that
is needed to increase the number of photonic functions residing on a semiconductor chip. We see this creating a progression like what
was seen in the computer integrated circuits, commonly referred to as Moore s Law. One type of integration is to combine several
instances of the same photonic functions such as a plurality of modulators to create a multi-lane polymer PIC. The number of lanes can
be varied depending on application. For example, the number of photonic components could increase by a factor of 4, 8, or 16. Another
type of integration is to combine different types of devices including from different technology bases such as the combination of a semiconductor
laser with a polymer modulator. Our P 2 IC platform encompasses both these types of architecture. 

21 

Current
semiconductor photonic technology today is both struggling to reach faster device speeds as well as seamless integration with commercial
silicon foundries. Our modulator devices, enabled by our electro-optic polymer material systems, work at extremely high frequencies (wide
bandwidths) and possess inherent advantages over current crystalline electro-optic material contained in most modulator devices such as
bulk lithium niobate (LiNbO3), indium phosphide (InP), silicon (Si), and gallium arsenide (GaAs). Our advanced electro-optic polymer platform
is creating a new class of modulators such as the Polymer Stack , Polymer Plus , Polymer Slot , and associated PIC platforms
that can address higher data rates in a lower cost, lower power consuming manner, smaller footprint (size) with much simpler data encoding
techniques. Our electro-optic polymer material will boost the performance of standard PIC platforms such as silicon photonics and indium
phosphide. Further, with our recent demonstration of packaged polymer slot modulator devices fabricated onto commercial silicon 200mm
wafers using a commercial silicon foundry, our electro-optic polymer material is much easier to integrate with silicon foundries compared
to competitive crystalline electro-optic materials. 

Our electro-optic
polymers can be integrated with other materials platforms because they can be applied as a thin film coating in a fabrication clean room
such as may be found in semiconductor foundries using standard clean room tooling. These approaches enable our Polymer Plus and
Polymer Slot device platforms to not only be competitive but fully integrated with foundries. Our polymers are unique in that they
are stable enough to seamlessly integrate into existing CMOS, Indium Phosphide (InP), Gallium Arsenide (GaAs), and other semiconductor
manufacturing lines. Of relevance are the integrated silicon photonics platforms that combine optical and electronic functions. These
include a miniaturized modulator for ultra-small footprint applications in which we term the Polymer Slot . This design is based
on a slot modulator fabricated into semiconductor wafers that can include either silicon or indium phosphide. 

Our Company has a fabrication
facility in Colorado to apply standard fabrication processes to our electro-optic polymers which create modulator devices. While our internal
fabrication facility is capable of manufacturing modulator devices, we have partnered with commercial silicon-based fabrication companies
that are called foundries who can scale our technology with volume quickly and efficiently. The process recipe for fabrication plants
or foundries is called a process development kit or PDK. We are currently working with commercial foundries to implement
our electro-optic polymers into accepted PDKs by the foundries. One of the metrics for successful implementation of PDK is to receive
working modulator chips. Our work with the foundries is being focused with the Polymer Plus and the Polymer Slot polymer
modulators. We are currently receiving 200mm silicon wafers with our Polymer Slot modulator designs from AMF, a silicon photonics
foundry based in Singapore. 

Business Strategy 

Our first
revenue stream was obtained from our entry into a material supply license agreement to provide Perkinamine chromophore
materials for polymer based photonic devices and photonic integrated circuits (PICs). Our Company is also in various stages of photonic
device and materials development and evaluation with potential customers and strategic partners that include Tier 1 players in the fiber
optic communications industry. We expect to continue to obtain a revenue stream from technology licensing agreements, and to obtain additional
revenue streams from technology transfer agreements and direct sale of our electro-optic device components. 

Specifically,
our business strategy provides that our revenue stream will be derived from one or some combination of the following: (i) technology licensing
for specific product application; (ii) joint venture relationships with significant industry leaders; and (iii) the production and direct
sale of our own electro-optic device components. Our objective is to be a leading provider of proprietary technology and know-how in the
electro-optic device market. In order to meet this objective, we intend to continue to: 

Further the development of proprietary organic electro-optic polymer material systems 

Develop photonic devices based on our P 2 IC technology 

Develop proprietary intellectual property 

Grow our commercial device development capabilities 

Partner with silicon-based foundries who can scale volume quickly 

Grow our product reliability and quality assurance capabilities 

Grow our optoelectronic packaging and testing capabilities 

Grow our commercial material manufacturing capabilities 

Maintain/develop strategic relationships with major telecommunications and data communications companies to further the awareness and commercialization of our technology platform 

Add high-level personnel with industrial and manufacturing experience in key areas of our materials and device development programs. 

Create Organic Polymer-Enabled
Electro-Optic Modulators 

We intend
to utilize our proprietary optical polymer technology to create an initial portfolio of commercial electro-optic polymer product devices
with applications for various markets, including telecommunications, data communications and data centers. These product devices will
be part of our proprietary photonics integrated circuit (PIC) technology platform. 

22 

We expect
our initial modulator products will operate at symbol rates at least 112 Gigabaud which is roughly 200Gbps when utilized with PAM4 encoding
schemes that aligns with our recent package polymer slot modulator results presented at OFC 2024. Our devices are highly linear, and can
also enable the performance required to take advantage of more advance complex encoding schemes if required. 

Our Proprietary Products in Development 

As part
of a tactical marketing strategy, our Company is developing several optical devices using our proprietary electro-optical polymer material,
which are in various stages of development. These include: 

Ridge Waveguide Modulator,
Polymer Stack 

Our ridge
electro-optic waveguide modulator was designed and fabricated in our in-house laboratory. The fabrication of our first in-house device
is significant to our entire device program and is an important starting point for modulators that are being developed for target markets.
We have multiple generations of new materials that we will soon be optimizing for this specific design. In September 2017 we announced
that our initial alpha prototype ridge waveguide modulator, enabled by our P 2 IC polymer system, demonstrated bandwidth
performance levels that will enable 112 Gbaud modulation in fiber-optic communications. This device demonstrated true amplitude (intensity)
modulation in a Mach-Zehnder modulator structure incorporating our polymer waveguides. This important achievement will allow users to
utilize arrays of 4 x 112 Gbaud symbol rate (4x 200 Gbps data rate) polymer modulators using PAM-4 encoding to enable 800 Gbps data rate
systems. These ridge waveguide modulators are currently being packaged with our partner into prototype packages. 

These
prototype packages will enable potential customers to evaluate the performance at 112 Gbaud. Once a potential customer generates technical
feedback on our prototype, we expect to be asked to optimize the performance to their specifications. Assuming this is successful, we
expect to enter a qualification phase where our prototypes will be evaluated more fully. 

In parallel,
we are developing modulators for scalability to higher symbol rates above 112 Gbaud. In September 2018, we showed in conference presentations
the potential of our polymer modulator platform to operate at over 100 GHz bandwidth. This preliminary result corresponds to 100 Gbps
data rates using a simple NRZ data encoding scheme or 200 Gbps with PAM-4 encoding. With 4 lane arrays in our P 2 IC platform,
the Company thus has the potential to address both 400 Gbps and 800 Gbps markets. While customers may start the engagement at 112 Gbaud,
we believe potential customers recognize that scalability to higher speeds is an important differentiator of the polymer technology. 

We believe
the ridge waveguide modulator Polymer Stack represents our first commercially viable device and targets the fiber optics communications
market. We have completed internal market analysis and are initially targeting interconnect reach distances of less than 1km. In these
markets, the system network companies are looking to implement modulator-based transceivers that can handle aggregated data rates 800
Gbps and above. The market opportunity for less than 10km is worth over 2B over the next decade. 

Polymer Plus 

Using
our novel waveguide design, we are developing a more compact modulator to be implemented directly with existing integrated photonics platforms
such as silicon photonics and Indium Phosphide. As our electro-optic polymers are applied in liquid form, they can be deposited as a thin
film coating in a fabrication clean room such as may be found in semiconductor foundries. This approach we call Polymer Plus . The
advantage of this approach is that it allows existing semiconductor integrated photonics platforms such as silicon photonics and indium
phosphide to be upgraded with higher speed modulation functionality with the use of polymers in a straight-forward and simple approach.
Further, our polymers are unique in that they are stable enough to seamlessly integrate into existing CMOS, Indium Phosphide (InP), Gallium
Arsenide (GaAs), and other semiconductor manufacturing lines. 

A large
majority of commercial silicon photonics platforms utilize large silicon photonics foundries such as those that manufacture IC products
for a number of applications such as communications, computing, consumer, etc. In order to seamlessly integrate our polymer materials
to upgrade for example, silicon photonics designs, partnering with a silicon foundry is necessary. 

Polymer
Slot 

As part
of supporting further improvement and scalability of our platform, we continue to develop more advanced device structures that include
the Polymer Slot . Our high performance, low power, extremely small footprint polymer photonics slot waveguide modulator utilizes
a slot design that is part of PIC platform such as silicon photonics with one of our proprietary electro-optic polymer material systems
as the enabling material layer. Performance results in 2023 from commercial foundries achieved key design specifications for the slot
modulator. 

23 

Preliminary
testing and initial data on our polymer photonics slot waveguide modulators fabricated at commercial foundries demonstrated extremely
high performance suitable for the hyperscaler and fiber optics markets. The tested polymer photonic slot chip had less than 1-millimeter
square footprint, enabling the possibility of sophisticated PIC architecture designs on a single silicon substrate. In addition, the waveguide
structure was a fraction of the length of a typical inorganic-based silicon photonics modulator waveguide and is suitable to be used as
an engine for state-of-the-art pluggable transceiver modules such as the OSFP and the QSFP-DD. 

With
the combination of our proprietary electro-optic polymer material and the extremely high optical field concentration in the slot waveguide,
the test modulators demonstrated very low operating voltage. Initial speeds exceeded 70GHz in the telecom, 1310nm, and 1550 nanometer
frequency bands, and there were devices that exceeded over 100GHz 3dB bandwidth. 

We are
also continuing our collaborative development of our polymer photonic slot waveguide modulators (Polymer Slot with a partner that
has advanced device design capabilities using Plasmonic technologies. Some of these devices demonstrated performance levels that exceeded
250GHz in 2022 with our partners. 

Our Long-Term Device Development
Goal - Multilane Polymer Photonic Integrated Circuit (P 2 IC 

Our P 2 IC 
platform is positioned to address markets with aggregated data rates of 100 Gbps, 400 Gbps, 800 Gbps and beyond. Our P 2 IC 
platform will contain several photonic devices that may include, over and above polymer-based modulators, photonic devices such as lasers,
multiplexers, demultiplexers, detectors, fiber couplers. 

While
our polymer-based ridge waveguide and slot modulators are currently under development to be commercially viable products, our long-term
device development goal is to produce a platform for the 400 Gbps, 800 Gbps, 1600Gbps and beyond fiber optic transceiver market. This
has been stated in our photonics product roadmap that is publicly available on our website. The roadmap shows a progression in speed from
50 Gbaud based modulators to 100 Gbaud based modulators. The roadmap shows a progression in integration in which the modulators are arrayed
to create a flexible, multilane P 2 IC platform that spans 100 Gbps, 400 Gbps, 800 Gbps, 1.6Tbps (or 1600Gbps), and a
scaling philosophy that will grow to 3.2Tbps line rates. 

We showed
bandwidths of polymer-based modulator devices at a major international conference (ECOC European Conference on Optical Communications
2018) with bandwidths that exceeded 100GHz. We noted that to achieve 100Gbaud, the polymer-based modulator only needs to achieve 80GHz
bandwidth. During ECOC 2019, we showed environmental stability. We continue to develop our polymer materials and device designs to optimize
additional metrics. We are now optimizing the device parameters for very low voltage operation. At the ECOC 2022 conference we demonstrated
two different world record performances using polymer slot-based modulators. In an invited presentation at OFC 2024 in San Diego, we
presented data that showed our packaged polymer slot modulators operating with open (clean) eye diagrams at 100GBaud PAM4 (or 200Gbps
PAM4) at voltage drive levels at 1V. We also showed polymer modulators with voltage drive levels that were below 1V. Driving voltage
levels of around 1V is important as it allows our polymer modulators to be driven directly from CMOS ICs (as opposed to dedicated driver
integrated circuit chips). We have recently demonstrated drive levels below 0.5V, which represents the highest performance commercially
designed Electro-Optic polymer modulators to date. The impact of very low drive voltages directly affects savings in power consumption
for the module system, which is a key issue for datacenter operators today. 

Our
Target Markets 

Cloud computing and data
centers 

Big
data is a general term used to describe the voluminous amount of unstructured and semi-structured data a Company creates data
that would take too much time and cost too much money to load into a relational database for analysis. Companies are looking to cloud
computing in their data centers to access all the data. Inherent speed and bandwidth limits of traditional solutions and the potential
of organic polymer devices offer an opportunity to increase the bandwidth, reduce costs, improve speed of access, and to reduce power
consumption both at the device as well as the system level. 

Datacenters
have grown to enormous sizes with hundreds of thousands and even millions of servers in a single datacenter. The number of so-called hyperscale 
datacenters are expected to continue to increase in number. Due to their size, a single datacenter may consist of multiple
large warehouse-size buildings on a campus or even several locations distributed around a metropolitan area. Data centers are confronted
with the problem of moving vast amounts of data not only around a single data center building, but also between buildings in distributed
data center architecture. Links within a single datacenter building may be shorter than 500 meters, though some will require optics capable
of 2 km. Between datacenter buildings, there is an increasing need for high performance interconnects over 10km in reach. 

Our modulators
are suitable for single-mode fiber optic links. We believe that our single mode modulator solutions will be competitive at 500m to 10km
link distance lengths, with inherent advantages for 800Gbps applications. 

Telecommunications/Data
Communications 

The telecommunications
industry has evolved from transporting traditional analogue voice data over copper wire into the movement of digital voice and data. Telecommunication
companies are faced with the enormous increasing challenges to keep up with the resulting tremendous explosion in demand for bandwidth.
The metropolitan network is especially under stress now and into the near future. Telecommunications companies provide services to some
data center customers for the inter-data center connections discussed above. 5G mobile upgrade, autonomous driving and IoT are expected
to increase the need for data stored and processed close to the end user in edge data centers. This application similarly requires optics
capable of very high speeds and greater than 10 km reach. 

24 

Industry issues of scaling 

The key
issues facing the fiber-optic communications industry are the economic progress and scalability of any PIC based technological platform.
Our polymer platform is unique in that it is truly scalable and is expected to become a high-performance engine for transceiver modules.
Scalable means being able to scale up for high-speed data rates, while simultaneously being able to scale down in cost, and lower power
consumption. This allows a competitive cost per data rate or cost per Gbps metric to be achieved. 

Fiber
optic datacenter and high-performance computing customers want to achieve the metric of 1/Gbps @ 800Gbps (this essentially means a single
mode fiber optic link that has a total cost of 800 and operates with a data rate of 800Gbps). Equally importantly, the datacenter industry
would like to reduce the power consumption of optical ports for 400Gbps, 800Gbps, etc., significantly. As industry tries to match this
target, it needs scalable PIC platforms to achieve this goal, of which our polymer platform is uniquely suited. 

An article
by Dr. Michael Lebby that was recently published in broadband communities (BBC) magazine in early February 2023 discusses the virtues
of polymer-based technologies as part of an industry technology roadmap. The article is entitled The internet is the brick wall
Nostradamus did not see coming. In this article cost/performance metrics are discussed that show the trend to higher and higher
data rates using PIC platforms that include very high speed, low power modulator devices. 

The
article also shows that electro-optic polymers play an important role in PICs over the next decade as they can reduce or close the gap
between customer expectations and technical performance through effective scaling increase of high performance with low cost for short
distance transceiver optical links. 

Some
of the things needed to achieve the scaling performance of polymers in integrated photonics platforms is within sight today: 

1. 
 
 Increased
 r33 (which leads to very low Vpi in modulator devices) and we are currently optimizing our polymers for this. With Vpi levels of 1V
 or less will enable direct from associated electronics and potentially save network architects the cost of individual driver ICs. Recent materials have demonstrated significant increases in r33 performance of our polymers. 

2. 
 
 Increase
 temperature stability so that the polymers can operate at broader temperature ranges effective, where we have made significant
 progress over the past few years, and this continues to improve with recent polymers. 

3. 
 
 Low optical loss in waveguides and active/passive devices for improved optical budget metrics which is currently an ongoing development program at our Company. 

4. 
 
 Higher levels of hermeticity for lower cost packaging of optical sub-assemblies within a transceiver module, where our advanced designs are being implemented into polymer-based packages that utilize atomic layer deposition (ALD) that is being developed in-house. 
 
 Scalability
in terms of cost reduction and high-volume manufacturing can be enhanced by: 

1. 
 
 Leverage of commercial silicon photonics manufacturing capacity using silicon-based foundries. Our Polymer Plus platform seeks to be additive to standard silicon photonics circuits. 

2. 
 
 Reduction of optical packaging costs by integration at the chip level of multiple modulators and with other optical devices. Our P 2 IC platform seeks to address device integration. 

Scalability
in terms of cost reduction and high-volume manufacturing can be enhanced by: 

1. 
 
 Leverage
 of commercial silicon photonics manufacturing using commercial silicon-based foundries running 200mm silicon wafers. Our Polymer
 Plus platform seeks to be additive to standard silicon photonics circuits. 

2. 
 
 Reduction of optical packaging costs by integration at the chip level of multiple modulators and with other optical devices. Our P2IC platform seeks to address device integration. 

25 

The above
graphic shows the Company electro-optic material design philosophy of increased glass transition temperature. When the materials are designed
with Tg above 170C, this equates to approximately 100C above the normal operating temperatures in a data center environment. This feature
increases the material reliability significantly. Further, as the spider chart on the right of the above graphic indicates that key performance
metrics of the Company s electro-optic chromophores perform well against competition in parameters such as photostability, decomposition
temperature, voltage, absorbance, glass transition temperature, and r33 (electro-optic efficiency). This positions the Company s
materials very well in the marketplace and eliminates the need to cross-link the polymers which jeopardizes stability and reliability. 

26 

The above
graphic shows the increasing trend of improved electro-optic chromophores that have been developed by the Company. The graphic details
improvements in r33, a measure of electro-optic efficiency of Perkinamine electro-optic material. The r33 has improved using a box
plot, approximately over 5X during the past 7 years, and is now very stable in testing. 

The above
graphic shows the increasing trend of improved electro-optic chromophores that have been developed by the Company in respect to decomposition
temperature. The graphic details improvements in Td showing through the box plot extremely tight and improved material thermal stability
over the past 3 years, and excellent results over the past year. 

27 

The
above graphic shows the increasing trend of improved electro-optic chromophores that have been developed by the Company in respect to
glass transition temperature. The graphic details improvements in Tg showing through the box plot extremely tight and improved material
with Tg s above 170C with tight control of the materials performance as measured in thin films. 

Recent Significant Events and Milestones Achieved 

During
February and March 2018, we moved our Newark, Delaware synthetic laboratory and our Longmont, Colorado optical testing laboratory and
corporate headquarters to office, laboratory and research and development space located at 369 Inverness Parkway, Suite 350, Englewood,
Colorado. The 22,420 square feet Englewood facility includes fully functional 1,000 square feet of class 1,000 cleanroom, 500 square feet
of class 10,000 cleanroom, chemistry laboratories, and analytic laboratories. The Englewood facility streamlines all our Company s
research and development workflow for greater operational efficiencies. 

During
March 2018, our Company, together with our packaging partner, successfully demonstrated packaged polymer modulators designed for 50Gbaud,
which we believe will allow us to scale our P 2 IC platform with our Mach-Zehnder ridge waveguide modulator design as
well as other photonics devices competitively in the 100Gbps and 400Gbps datacom and telecommunications applications market. We are currently
fine-tuning the performance parameters of these prototypes in preparation for customer evaluations. 

During
June 2018, our Company Acquired the Polymer Technology Intellectual Property Assets of BrPhotonics Productos Optoelectr nicos S.A.,
a Brazilian corporation, which significantly advanced our patent portfolio of electro-optic polymer technology with 15 polymer chemistry
materials, devices, packaging and subsystems patent and further strengthened our design capabilities to solidify our market position as
we prepare to enter the 400Gbps integrated photonics marketplace with a highly competitive, scalable alternative to installed legacy systems. 

Also,
during June 2018, our Company promoted polymer PICs and Solidified Polymer PICs as Part of the Photonics Roadmap at the World Technology
Mapping Forum in Enschede, Netherlands, which includes our Company s technology of polymers and polymer PICs that have the potential
to drive not only 400Gbps aggregate data rate solutions, but also 800Gbps and beyond. 

In August
2018 we announced the completion (ahead of schedule) of our fully equipped on-site fabrication facility, where we are expanding our high-speed
test and design capabilities. We also announced the continuation of the building of our internal expertise with the hiring of world-class
technical personnel with 100Gbps experience. 

28 

In February
2019 we announced a major breakthrough in our development of clean technology polymer materials that target the insatiable demand for
fast and efficient data communications in the multi-billion-dollar telecom and data markets supporting Internet, 5G and IoT (Internet
of Things) webscale services. The improved thermally stable polymer has more than double the electro-optic response of our previous materials,
enabling optical device performance of well over 100 GHz with extremely low power requirements. This addition to the family of Perkinamine TM polymers
will hold back run-away consumption of resources and energy needed to support ever-growing data consumption demands. We continue to conduct
testing of the material and assessment of associated manufacturing processes and device structures prior to release to full development. 

In March
2019 we created an Advisory Board comprised of three world-class leaders in the photonics industry: Dr. Craig Ciesla, Dr. Christoph S.
Harder, and Mr. Andreas Umbach. In January 2022 Dr. Ciesla was named to our Board of Directors, and our Advisory Board is currently comprised
of Dr. Franky So, Dr. Christoph S. Harder, Mr. Andreas Umbach and Dr. Joseph A. Miller, who is a former member of our Board of Directors.
The Advisory Board is working closely with our Company leadership to enhance our Company s product positioning and promote our polymer
modulator made on our proprietary Faster by Design polymer P 2 IC platform. The mission of the Advisory
Board is initially to increase our Company s outreach into the datacenter interconnect market and later to support expansion into
other billion-dollar markets. The Advisory Board members have each been chosen for their combination of deep technical expertise, breadth
of experience and industry relationships in the fields of fiber optics communications, polymer and semiconductor materials. Each of the
Advisory Board members has experience at both innovators like Lightwave Logic and large industry leaders of the type most likely to adopt
game-changing polymer-based products. In addition, they possess operational experience with semiconductor and polymer businesses. 

Also,
in March 2019, our Company received the Best Achievement in PIC Platform award for our 100 GHz polymer platform from the
PIC International Conference. The award recognizes innovative advances in the development and application of key materials systems driving
today s photonic integrated circuits (PICs) and providing a steppingstone to future devices. 

During
the second quarter of 2019, our Company promoted its polymers at CoInnovate in May and the World Technology Mapping Forum in June. CoInnovate
is a meeting of semiconductor industry experts. The World Technology Mapping Forum is a group authoring a photonics roadmap out to 2040. 

In September
2019 at the prestigious European Conference on Communications (ECOC) in Dublin, Ireland, we showed measured material response over frequency
and the resulting optical data bits stream on our clean technology polymer materials, the newest addition to our family of Perkinamine TM polymers,
that meet and exceed of our near-term target speed of 80 GHz. We also released data demonstrating stability under elevated temperatures
in the activated (poled to create data carrying capability) state. 

In October
2019, we reported that energy-saving polymer technology is highlighted in the recently published Integrated Photonics Systems Roadmap
- International (IPSR-I). The roadmap validates the need for low-voltage, high-speed technologies such as ours. 

In May
2020, we announced that our latest electro-optic polymer material has exceeded target performance metrics at 1310 nanometers (nm), a wavelength
commonly used in high-volume datacenter fiber optics. This material demonstrates an attractive combination at 1310 nm of high electro-optic
coefficient, low optical loss and good thermal stability at 85 0 Celsius. The material is expected to enable modulators
with 80 GHz bandwidth and low drive power, and has an electro-optic coefficient of 200 pm/V, an industry measure of how responsive a material
is to an applied electrical signal. This metric, otherwise known as r33, is very important in lowering power consumption when the material
is used in modulator devices. This technology is applicable to shorter reach datacenter operators, for whom decreasing power consumption
is imperative to the bottom line of a facility. We considered this a truly historic moment not only in our Company s history,
but in our industry as we have demonstrated a polymer material that provides the basis for a world-class solution at the 1310 nm
wavelength, something which other companies have spent decades attempting to achieve. 

In July
2020, we announced the official launch of our new corporate website www.lightwavelogic.com, reflecting ongoing efforts to provide up-to-date
information for investors and potential strategic partners. The revamped website offers a clean, modern design integrated with helpful
tools and investor relations resources, including a new corporate explainer video, to illustrate the target markets and advantages of
Lightwave Logic s proprietary electro-optic polymers. 

In August
2020, we announced the addition of Dr. Franky So, a leading authority in the OLED industry, to our Advisory Board. Dr. So is the Walter
and Ida Freeman Distinguished Professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at North Carolina State University. Previously,
he was the Head of Materials and Device research for OLEDs at OSRAM Opto Semiconductors, as well as Motorola s corporate research
lab in the 1990s. Dr. So was an early researcher in electro-optic (EO) polymer modulators at Hoechst Celanese. As a member of the Company s
advisory board, Dr. So will work closely with management to enhance Lightwave s product positioning for, as well as the promotion
of, its polymer modulators made on its proprietary platform. In addition, he will provide technical support and advisory services to the
Lightwave materials and device teams. 

29 

On
October 7, 2020, we announced the receipt of U.S. Patent number 10,754,093 that improves both the performance and reliability of our high-speed,
low-power electro-optic polymer modulators intended for datacenter and telecommunications applications. The patent allows multi-layered
electro-optic polymer modulators to perform more efficiently through the design of custom interfaces. These interfaces are designed into
the cladding layers that allow optical transmission, electrical conductivity, material integrity, as well as a prevention of solvents
affecting adjacent polymer materials. The net impact of all of this allows for our Company s modulators to improve performance across
the board, enabling higher reliability in the fiber optic communications environment. 

On October
15, 2020, we announced that our proprietary polymer technologies are compatible with currently available integrated photonics platforms.
Our proprietary electro-optic materials are currently in the prototyping phase and are fabricated onto standard silicon wafers, and this
Polymer Plus advancement, driven by the feedback our Company received from potential customers to-date, has allowed our materials
to be suitable for additive integration to integrated photonics platforms such as silicon photonics, as well as indium phosphide and other
standard platforms therefore enabling simpler integration by customers. We believe this breakthrough allows a polymer modulator
to enhance the performance of existing integrated photonics solutions in the marketplace, enabling higher speed and lower power consumption
on foundry-fabricated photonics designs. Since our technology is additive to existing platforms such as silicon photonics, our electro-optic
polymers are not actually competing with integrated photonic platforms, but rather enabling them to be more competitive in the marketplace,
and it further validates our EO polymer platform as ideally suited to enable optical networking more efficiently than ever. 

On October
21, 2020, we announced that we have optimized a robust, photo-stable organic polymer material for use in our next-generation modulators
intended to be trialed with potential customers under NDA. Our materials show high tolerance to high-intensity infrared light, common
in a fiber optic communications environment and increasingly important as higher density of devices access the network, directly resulting
in higher intensity infrared light levels. Our preliminary results suggest that our recently developed electro-optic polymer material,
designed based on potential customer input, displays unrivaled light tolerance (also known as photostability) compared to any organic
commercial solution in use today. Our results meet both our current internal criteria and address potential customer feedback. 

On November
2, 2020, we disclosed results on our polymer material stability testing including further results for electro-optic efficiency for our
Company s materials that operate both at 1550nm as well as 1310nm. We demonstrated test materials results for electro-optic efficiency
to 4000hrs, improvement in sensitivity to oxygen as part of a broadband exposure test, and stability for polymers exposed to 1310nm light
at 100mW. 

On November
20, 2020 we announced the receipt of U.S. Patent number 10,591,755 that details an important invention that allows users of electro-optic
polymer modulators to not only operate the devices with high speed and low power directly from CMOS IC chips, but gives them the opportunity
to avoid the expense, physical footprint and power consumption of high-speed modulator driver ICs. Furthermore, this patent strengthens
our freedom of manufacturing, and directly enables our modulators to become more competitive in the marketplace. 

On December
16, 2020 we announced the development of a new sealant for our future Chip-on-Board (COB) packaged polymer platform. The sealant, which
blocks oxygen and other atmospheric gases, is a key step in our Company s development towards a polymer modulator without a package,
an important enabling technology for the industry. We plan to develop the sealant for commercial implementation in our future modulators.
Recent results suggest that our electro-optic polymer sealant material displays encouraging barrier properties and is expected to translate
to significant improvement in bare chip robustness against atmospheric gases, as compared to existing EO polymer commercial solutions
in use today. While the initial measurements are highly promising, our Company plans to continue development work to further optimize
the sealant material and barrier performance towards the chip-on-board goal. 

On January
13, 2021, we announced the receipt of U.S. Patent number 10,886,694 that details an invention that allows electro-optic polymer modulators
to be packaged in a hermetic environment using well-known, high-volume and low-cost fabrication processes that are available in a typical
semiconductor fabrication foundry improving suitability for mass production. Further, the design of this capsule package can improve
both the reliability and the coupling interface between fiber optic cables and their laser sources for arrayed photonic integrated circuit
solutions. The package can also interpose signals from an underlying circuit board to the polymer modulators, lasers, and other components
for data transfer. The hermetic capsule is built from a semiconductor base that contains electrical and optical circuits and components.
A hermetic capsule chamber is created by the design of a semiconductor lid that is sealed to the semiconductor base platform by a metallization
process. Using standardized fabrication techniques we can now create a package that achieves the performance, reliability, cost, and volume
requirements that has been a challenge for the photonics industry for years. 

On May
11, 2021, we announced the receipt of U.S. Patent number 10,989,871 that details an invention that allows for improved protective polymer
layers in modulators when designed into advanced integrated photonic platforms, better positioning them for high-volume manufacturing
processes. The protective layers will enhance electro-optic polymer devices' performance through higher reliability, better optical performance
and enable the use of standardized manufacturing processes best suited for mass-production. 

30 

On June
7, 2021, we announced that our company s common stock was added to the Solactive EPIC Core Photonics EUR Index NTR as part
of the index's semi-annual additions. The index includes global public companies with a common theme of optoelectronics, photonics, and
optical technologies in general that range from components, modules, manufacturers, and optical network system companies. This inclusion
broadens our exposure to the capital markets community, as well as credibility with potential partners and customers. 

On June
16, 2021, we announced test results from new modulators fabricated in 2021, which exceeded bandwidth
design targets and achieved triple the data rate as compared to competing devices in use today. The breakthrough new devices demonstrated
3dB electro-optical with electrical bandwidths that exceed 100GHz with measurements coming close to our Company s state-of-the-art
110GHz test equipment capability. We expect this advancement to have a profound impact on the traffic flow on the internet. 

On June 24, 2021, we announced
the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,042,051 that details a breakthrough new device design that enables mass-volume manufacturing when
designed into advanced integrated photonic platforms. The device design enhances reliability, improves optical mode control and most important,
lowers by consumption through the use of direct-drive, low-voltage operation. The patent is entitled, Direct drive region-less
polymer modulator methods of fabricating and materials therefor and is expected to open the opportunity for low power consumption
electro-optic polymers to be developed into large foundry PDKs (process development kits) and be ready for mass volume commercialization.
The patent emphasizes our technology platform using fabrication techniques that would naturally fit into foundry PDKs. 

On
August 4, 2021, we announced that we developed improved thermal design properties for electro-optic polymers used in our Polymer Plus 
and Polymer Slot modulators, enabling the speed, flexibility and stability needed for high-volume silicon foundry processes. We
successfully created a 2x improvement in r33, while allowing higher stability during poling and post-poling. This provides better thermal
performance and enables greater design flexibility in high-volume silicon foundry PDK (process development kit) processes. 

On August
9, 2021, we announced the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,067,748 entitled Guide Transition Device and Method that covers
a new invention that enables enhanced optical routing architectures for polymer-based integrated photonics that can be scaled with partner
foundries. This new invention will enable innovative, highly scalable optical routing architectures for integrated photonic platforms.
The patent provides novel optical waveguide transition designs using two planes of optical waveguides that are expected to be critical
for optical signal routing and optical switching, opening the opportunity for high speed, energy efficient electro-optic polymers to be
implemented into foundry PDKs (process development kits) to improve the performance of integrated photonic circuits. This breakthrough
technology opens the door for advanced integrated photonics architectural design. We believe the simplicity of the design is ideal for
production in foundries and will best position our Company to enable increased data traffic on the internet while using less power. 

On September
1, 2021, our Company's common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). The Company s Nasdaq listing
will help to expand our potential shareholder base, improve liquidity, elevate our public profile within the industry and should ultimately
enhance shareholder value. 

On September
15, 2021, we announced the receipt of the 2021 Industry Award for Optical Integration from the European Conference on Optical Communications
(ECOC), a premier industry exhibition that was held in Bordeaux from September 13-15, 2021. ECOC created the fiber communication industry
awards in six categories to put the spotlight on innovation happening within the industry. The awards recognize and highlight key industry
achievements in advancing optical components, photonic integration, optical transport and data center innovation. The awards are selected
from top industry players, representing significant innovation in photonics integration at our prestigious exhibition. 

On September
16, 2021, we announced the achievement of world-record performance for a polymer modulator, as demonstrated in an optical transmission
experiment by ETH Zurich, using our Company's proprietary, advanced Perkinamine TM chromophores and Polariton Technologies
Ltd.'s newest plasmonic EO modulator, a silicon-photonics-based plasmonic racetrack modulator offering energy-efficient, low-loss, and
high-speed modulation in a compact footprint. The groundbreaking results were presented as a post-deadline paper at the prestigious European
Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) industry exhibition and conference in Bordeaux on September 16, 2021. Polariton's plasmonic
modulator transmitted 220 Gbit/s OOK and 408 Gbit/s 8PAM. Transmission of an optical signal was conducted over 100 m using a low-voltage
electrical drive of 0.6Vp, an on-chip loss of 1 dB, and an optical 3 dB bandwidth of beyond 110 GHz. 

On
January 3, 2022, we announced the publication of our patent application 20210405504A1 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office
(USPTO) entitled 'Nonlinear Optical Chromophores Having a Diamondoid Group Attached Thereto, Methods of Preparing the
Same, and Uses Thereof' which significantly improves the overall stability and performance of our electro-optic polymers. The
Company's electro-optic chromophores are designed to have one or more diamondiod molecular groups attached to the chromophore. When such
chromophores are dispersed in a host polymer matrix, the electro-optic materials result in improved macroscopic electro-optic properties,
increased poling efficiency, increased loading as well as increased stability of these materials after poling. The impact of this technology
is that it will accelerate the path for very high-speed, low-power electro-optic polymers to be implemented into large foundry process
development kits PDKs to boost performance of integrated photonic circuits. 

31 

On
January 3, 2022, we announced that we enhanced our Company s Foundry Process Development Kit Offering with the addition of Optical
Grating Couplers. This expanded design tool kit will enable silicon foundries to implement PDKs and fabricate modulators and optical
gratings in a single fab run, further enhancing modulator efficacy. We are continuing to work on additional design tool kit components
to enable an expedited commercialization process through a more simplified manufacturing process for our foundry partners. 

On
January 3, 2022, we announced that we appointed respected industry leader Dr. Craig Ciesla to our Board of Directors and that retired
director Dr. Joseph A. Miller transitioned to our Company's Advisory Board. Dr. Ciesla is currently the Vice President, Head of the
Advanced Platforms and Devices Group at Illumina, a leading provider of DNA sequencing and array technologies. There he leads a team driving
innovation in sequencing platforms, microfluidics, electronics, and nanofabrication. Prior to Illumina, he was Vice President of Engineering
at Kaiam, where he was responsible for the development and production of 100G transceivers for the data-center market. He was also the
founding CEO of Tactus Technology, an innovator in the user interface industry, where he was the co-inventor of Tactus' polymer morphing
screen technology. Before Tactus he had a variety of roles at Intel, JDSU (now Lumentum), Bookham (now Oclaro) and Ignis Optics developing
a wide range of products in the fiber-optics market. He started his career at Toshiba Research Europe, where he performed early terahertz
images of skin cancer. Dr. Ciesla holds a BSc (Hons.) in Applied Physics and Ph.D. in Physics from Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh. 

On
February 10, 2022, we announced breakthrough photostability results on our electro-optic polymer modulators that are compatible with high-volume
silicon foundry processes. The improved photostability of our polymers are expected to minimize any optical losses and provide a
more robust platform for silicon foundries. This breakthrough photostability performance is incredibly important as we optimize our polymers
for high-volume silicon foundry processes. 

On March
7, 2022, we announced the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,262,605 entitled, Active region-less polymer modulator integrated
on a common PIC platform and method. This invention will simplify modulator integration for high-volume foundry manufacturing operations
while enhancing polymer reliability to enable a more effective photonic engine. The essence of the invention is a complete optical engine
that fits into fiber optic transceivers (either pluggable or co-packaged) that are used in routers, servers and elsewhere in optical networks.
The engine is designed for high-volume manufacturing operations using silicon foundry infrastructure. The patent illustrates the use of
our polymer modulators as a high speed, low power engine not only for data communication and telecommunication applications, but other
new market opportunities as well. 

On March 22, 2022 we announced
the achievement of world-class results for a polymer modulator, as demonstrated in an enhanced stability and high-speed measurement by
Polariton Technologies and ETH Zurich. The results were generated using the Company's proprietary, advanced Perkinamine chromophores
in Polariton's silicon-photonics-based plasmonic racetrack modulator that offers energy-efficient, low-loss, and high-speed modulation
in a compact footprint that is ideal for pluggable and/or co-packaging transceiver modules. The plasmonic modulator performance was compared
to that of silicon photonic microring modulators. The plasmonic device, using Lightwave Logic's electro-optic polymer material, was shown
to be 250-3000x more stable than the silicon devices relative to operating condition changes. In addition, the plasmonic modulator was
tested for 70+ minutes at 100 Gbps NRZ at 80C with no decrease in performance. The world-class results were presented as a contributed
peer-reviewed paper at the prestigious 2022 Optical Fiber Conference (OFC2022), the optical communication industry's leading international
technical conference and trade show, in San Diego on March 10, 2022. 

On April 19, 2022, we announced
the publication of our patent application 2022/0113566 A1 entitled TFP (thin film polymer) optical transition device and method 
that illustrates the design of a simpler to fabricate, lower cost hybrid integrated photonics chip using electro-optic polymers which
are more advantageous for high-volume production. The invention will simplify polymer modulator fabrication when integrated with silicon
photonics for high-volume foundry manufacturing applications. The simplified fabrication approach enables us to simplify the production
of very high speed, low power proprietary polymer modulators that will enable significantly faster data rates in the internet environment.
The essence of the invention is a hybrid polymer-silicon photonics engine that fits into fiber optic transceivers (either pluggable or
co-packaged) that are used in the routers, servers and network equipment that are proliferating with the growth of data centers, cloud
computing and optical communications capacity. The hybrid polymer-silicon photonics engine is designed to use high-volume silicon foundry
infrastructure. 

On May
25, 2022, we announced enhanced photostability results on our Company's proprietary electro-optic polymer modulators demonstrating
the reliability necessary for commercial deployments all based on a technology which can be ported into high-volume silicon foundries
and integrated onto a silicon photonics platform with other optical devices. Photostability is a critical performance metric required
both in high volume manufacturing processes (such as photolithography) and in offering the high reliability and network availability required
for commercial deployments. In the tests conducted, subjecting the Company's latest polymers to high intensity optical power for over
3000 hours produced no change in device performance. The ability of our proprietary polymers to pass this accelerated photostability aging
test provides assurance that they will both tolerate the optical exposures which occur in high-volume manufacturing and support the reliability
over the required operating life of optical transceivers and network elements. 

32 

On June 21, 2022, we announced
the publication of our patent application 2022/0187637A1 entitled Hybrid electro-optic polymer modulator with silicon photonics 
that details a novel fabrication process that allows our Company s proprietary polymers to be fabricated by silicon foundries in
a high-volume manufacturing environment. The published patent application also details a more efficient process that allows for high yielding,
high stability poling of polymers in a high-volume foundry manufacturing environment. The development of the PDK for this new optical
hybrid optical modulator design is now in progress with our Company s foundry partners. 

June 23, 2022, we announced the
publication of our patent application 2022/0187638A1 entitled Hybrid electro-optic polymer modulator with atomic layer deposition
(ALD) sealant layer that allows our Company s proprietary polymers to be sealed to moisture and other atmospheric gases
in a very low temperature and quasi-hermetic environment through the use of a chip-scale packaging approach that can be applied in parallel
at wafer level (i.e. in volume) and that eliminates the need for a separate hermetic enclosure or gold box. Chip-scale packaging
is a technique that has been gathering momentum in the silicon electronics industry for the past decade to reduce device chip packaging
costs and increase device performance enabling high-volume front and back-end manufacturing as well as extremely small sizes in
miniaturization. Specifically, our electro-optic polymer modulators are sealed with a low-temperature conformal atomic layer deposition
dielectic layers that are supported on a silicon substrate with passive silicon photonics waveguides. 

On June 27, 2022, our Company's
common stock was added to the Russell 3000 Index. We expect that the awareness of being included in one of the most
widely followed benchmarks will not only benefit our existing shareholders but will lead to a broader base of institutional investors.
The annual Russell index reconstitution captures the 4,000 largest US stocks as of May 6, ranking them by total market capitalization.
Our membership in the US all-cap Russell 3000 Index, which remains in place for one year, means automatic inclusion in the small-cap
Russell 2000 Index as well as the appropriate growth and value style indexes. 

On June
30, 2022, we announced that our CEO, Dr. Michael Lebby, was again invited to co-chair the Photonic Integrated Circuits (PIC) International
Conference that took place June 28-29, 2022, in Brussels, Belgium. At the conference, Dr. Lebby led an invited talk entitled, Enabling
lower power consumption optical networking using high speed, low power polymer modulators , focusing on the issue of reducing power
consumption in datacenters and optical networks. He also contributed to a panel session, Hybrid PICs technology challenges and
solutions, on the need for hybrid integration addressing the volume production of 3D and 2.5 integrated electronic and photonic
integrated circuits (PICs) based on the utilization of large silicon foundries. This included a discussion on the use of silicon photonics
with hybrid technologies such as electro-optic polymers, polymer based plasmonics, silicon nitride and III-V laser sources. 

On September
22, 2022, we announced the achievement of world record performance for low-power consumption ultra-high-speed green slot
modulators in collaboration with Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) and its spin-off SilOriX as part of a peer-reviewed post-deadline
paper presented at the prestigious 2022 European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) in Basel, Switzerland on September 22, 2022.
The team presented the first sub-1mm Mach Zehnder-type modulators with sub-1V drive voltage that rely on Lightwave s proprietary
advanced Perkinamine chromophores. The devices rely on the slot-waveguide device concept developed at KIT and commercialized through
SilOriX. Further, the material has experimentally proven thermal stability at 85 C and offers extreme energy-efficiency along with
high-speed modulation in a compact footprint. Additionally, this shows that our material can perform in a variety of device structures
and designs and is positioned to significantly reduce power consumption of optical networking and to become a true 'green photonics 
enabler for the industry. 

On September
22, 2022, we announced the achievement of a world-record demonstration of a 250GHz super high bandwidth electro-optical-electrical (EOE)
link through a collaboration with ETH Zurich. The link was demonstrated by ETH Zurich and uses Polariton's high-speed plasmonic modulators
containing Lightwave's proprietary Perkinamine chromophores and ETH Zurich's high-speed graphene photodetectors. The link contained
a plasmonic modulator using electro-optic polymer material as well as a novel metamaterial enhanced graphene photodetector featuring a
200 nm spectral window and a setup-limited 1 ; bandwidth of 500 GHz. The EOE link achieved a world record and unprecedented 250
GHz 3dB bandwidth 2 . This is an optical link that utilizes devices with extremely high bandwidths, and the plasmonic demonstration
shows that hybrid technologies such as our electro-optic polymers and graphene together form an important technology platform for volume
scalability using large silicon foundries for mass commercialization. The groundbreaking results were presented by Stephan Koepfli as
part of a peer-reviewed post-deadline paper presented at the prestigious 2022 European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) in
Basel, Switzerland on September 22, 2022. 

On November 15, 2022, we announced
the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,435,603 B2 entitled TFP (thin film polymer) optical transition device and method, which
illustrates the design of a simpler to fabricate, lower cost hybrid integrated photonics chip using electro-optic polymers which are more
advantageous for high-volume production. The simplified fabrication approach enables streamlined production of very high speed, low power
proprietary polymer modulators that will enable significantly faster data rates in the internet environment. The essence of the invention
is a hybrid polymer-silicon photonics engine that fits into fiber optic transceivers (either pluggable or co-packaged) that are used in
the routers, servers and network equipment that are proliferating with the growth of data centers, cloud computing and optical communications
capacity. 

________________________ 

1
 Set-up limited indicates that the measurement was limited by the testing equipment. 

 2 University of Kiel, Germany supported the digital signal
processor (DSP), and ETHZ supported the photodetector. 

33 

On November 17, 2022, we announced
the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,435,604 B2 entitled Hybrid electro-optic polymer modulator with silicon photonics, 
which allows Lightwave Logic s proprietary polymers to be fabricated by silicon foundries in a high-volume manufacturing environment.
The patent also details a more efficient process that allows for high yielding, high stability poling of polymers in a high-volume foundry
manufacturing environment. From a commercial standpoint, this patent enables our polymers to be mass-produced using existing silicon foundry
equipment, simplifying production for the foundry's we are working with. 

On November 29, 2022, we announced
our acquisition of the polymer technology and intellectual property assets of Chromosol Ltd (UK). The acquisition significantly strengthened
our Company's design capabilities with foundry PDKs with extremely low temperature atomic layer deposition (ALD) processes that effectively
hermetically seal polymer devices that have been prepared for high volume manufacturing. The advanced fabrication processes of ALD with
temperatures below 100C will solidify our Company's market position with both the Company's manufacturing foundry partners as well as
end-users as we prepare to enter the 800Gbps integrated photonics marketplace. The acquisition also advanced our Company s patent
portfolio of electro-optic polymer technology with an innovative polymer chemistry device patent that has potential to increase the performance
of integrated modulators through optical amplification in a photonic integrated circuit (PIC) and enhance the functionality of the PIC
by integrating laser light sources made using the polymer-based gain and a laser optical cavity defined on the Silicon photonic platform,
with our Company s high speed, high efficiency modulators. Having access to extremely low temperature ALD allows our Company's polymer
modulators to be protected from the environment without the need for expensive and large footprint gold box packaging, propelling our
Company forward with chip-scale packaging as required by major hyper-scaler end-users. The patent opens a new class of PICs which expands
our variety of devices. The Patent is US patent number 9837794, EU patent number 3017489, China registration number 201480048236 
201910230856, and is entitled, Optoelectronic devices, methods of fabrication thereof and materials therefor. 

On December 12, 2022, we announced
the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,506,918 B2 entitled Hybrid electro-optic polymer modulator with atomic layer deposition (ALD)
sealant layer, which allows our proprietary polymers to be sealed to moisture and atmospheric gases in a very low temperature and
quasi-hermetic environment through the use of a chip-scale packaging approach that can be applied in parallel at wafer level (i.e. in
volume) and that eliminates the need for a separate hermetic enclosure or "gold box." Specifically, our electro-optic polymer
modulators will be sealed with low-temperature conformal atomic layer deposition dielectric layers that are supported on a silicon substrate
with passive silicon photonics waveguides. The sealant process will enable lower cost system implementation in a high-volume foundry environment. 

On December 13, 2022, we provided
a world-class figure-of merit performance for modulators using electro-optical polymers and a plasmonic device design in conjunction with
Polariton Technologies. Building from the world record performance and demonstration of a 250 GHz super high bandwidth electro-optical-electrical
(EOE) link that was presented at the 2022 European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) 3 through a collaboration with
ETH Zurich, these latest figure of merit results show the potential for extreme power savings for optical network equipment and demonstrated
clearly that polymer-based technology platforms are positioned well for general implementation. These results were achieved using Polariton's
electro-optic polymer-based plasmonic devices with Lightwave's electro-optic materials, with a bandwidth greater than 250 GHz. While these
high-speed results have been reported previously, here Lightwave Logic reported for the first time that the voltage-length product Figure
of Merit (FoM) for this modulator is just 60 Vum, which is approximately 10X better than the performance of the optical semiconductor
modulators that are incumbent in the optical network and internet today. This figure of merit will allow ultra-low voltage operation and,
enabled by Polariton's plasmonic modulator, the ability to carry significantly more data per modulator while consuming much less power.
The net positive effect on system level equipment is expected not only to be significant, but perhaps more importantly, also a strong
driver of a ''green photonics" platform. These results position our Company extremely well for next generation ultra-high-capacity
interconnects for the hyper-scale market. The combination of electro-optic polymers and plasmonics is becoming an ideal sunrise technology
platform to address the 'Achilles heel' of the data industry: high power consumption. As the industry contemplates the implementation
of PAM4 200G lanes for 2023 and 2024, these optical devices already have shown capability for at least 2X these lane speeds. 

On January 12, 2023, our Chief
Executive Officer, Dr. Michael Lebby, hosted a presentation and participated in an industry panel discussion at the 2023 Photonics Spectra
Conference, a prominent virtual conference within the photonics industry. In the panel discussion, Dr. Lebby and a panel of industry experts
from the entire photonics integrated chip (PIC) value chain, discussed lessons learned when scaling PIC production for volume applications.
In his presentation, Dr. Lebby reviewed the potential solutions that electro-optical polymer modulators offer to integrated and hybrid
photonics integrated chips (PICs), discussing their relevance to PIC packaging operations as well as how electro-optic polymers boost
PIC speed and power efficiency. 

On January 30, 2023, our Chief
Executive Officer, Dr. Michael Lebby, participated in an industry panel discussion at the 2023 Laser Focus World Executive Forum. The
Laser Focus World Executive Forum is one of the industry's premier events for senior-level executives, technology directors, and business
managers from technology companies around the world, delivering an in-depth analysis of the global laser and photonics market. In this
discussion, Dr. Lebby joined a panel of industry experts to discuss how the success of Silicon Photonics is based on the premise that
it is a semiconductor technology, and hence it can be manufactured in volume by semiconductor fabs. The panel addressed the manufacturing
plans of photonic integrated circuits (PICs) by semiconductor fabs and how the photonic industry can transfer their processes to the semiconductor
industry. 

________________________ 

3
 The groundbreaking results were presented by Stefan Koepfli (ETH Zurich) as part of a peer-reviewed post-deadline paper presented
at the prestigious 2022 European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) in Basel, Switzerland on September 22, 2022. The post-deadline
paper is titled >500 GHz Bandwidth Graphene Photodetector Enabling Highest-Capacity Plasmonic-to-Plasmonic Links. 

34 

On March 22, 2023, we announced
that our latest commercial-class electro-optic polymer material achieved breakthrough performance metrics at 1310 nanometers (nm), a wavelength
popular in hyperscale datacenter applications. These commercial-class improvements include a significantly higher electro-optic coefficient
exceeding 200 pm/V, which allows for very low drive power of 1 volt or less. Other characteristics include optimized chromophore loading,
superior low optical loss, excellent temporal stability at 85 0 Celsius, and extremely high thermal and photo stability. The
breakthrough commercial-class electro-optic material is expected to enable ultra-small footprint modulators with at least 100 GHz bandwidth
as well as meeting all critical requirements for pluggable transceivers, on-board optics and co-packaging solutions. Additionally, the
achievement of these results at the 1310nm bandwidth positions us for potential near-term licensing opportunities in datacenter applications. 

In
April 2023, our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Michael Lebby, co-chaired the Photonic Integrated Circuits (PIC) International Conference
in Brussels, Belgium. Industry-leading insiders delivered more than 30 presentations spanning six sectors at the conference. The conference
provided attendees with an up-to-date overview of the status of the global photonics industry as well as the opportunity to meet many
other key players within the community. In addition to serving as co-chair of the event, Dr. Lebby hosted a presentation for in-person
attendees within the Scaling PICs in Volume Using Foundries track, focusing on the industry's consideration of electro-optic
polymer modulators due to their increased modulation speed, lower power consumption, and potential for future multi-Tbps aggregated data-rates
in the next decade. Additionally, Dr. Lebby discussed the latest results on foundry fabricated EO polymers, as well as the latest work
in photonics roadmaps on both the integrated photonics (PIC) level as well as PIC packaging level. 

 On
May 4, 2023, we announced, that in conjunction with our research partners at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology and Solarix, the achievement
of record optical modulator performance using our Company's latest Perkinamine Series 5 material at extremely low
cryogenic temperatures, delivering the potential to revolutionize applications in supercomputers, quantum circuits and advanced computing
systems. Building from the world record performance and demonstration of super high bandwidth, and super low voltage electro-optic modulators
with Karlsruhe Institute of Technology and Silorix over the past year, the results have the potential to enable supercomputing and quantum
systems to be more competitive than standard computational systems given its faster speeds at low temperatures. This achievement opens
huge opportunities to our Company in the areas of supercomputing and quantum systems by giving access to very high data rate, low power
optical modulators. 

 On
May 18, 2023, we announced the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,614,670 B2 entitled Electro-optic polymer devices having high performance
claddings and methods of preparing the same, which is a cutting-edge design technique, enhancing the performance of polymer modulators
through the use of innovative polymer cladding design that is amenable for high-volume foundry fabrication when integrated with silicon
photonics. The patent details a novel fabrication process that allows our proprietary polymers to perform more effectively and to be fabricated
by silicon foundries in a high-volume manufacturing environment. It also introduces a more efficient process for improving the performance
of the polymer claddings, leading to increased poling efficiency and lower losses in both optical and RF aspects. This patent is helping
us move forward with our commercial discussions through the enabling of enhanced performance and simplified manufacturing of our polymer
modulators with silicon photonics. 

 On
May 25, 2023, we announced our Company's first commercial material supply license agreement for our Perkinamine chromophore
materials. This agreement is to provide Perkinamine chromophore materials for polymer based photonic devices and
photonic integrated circuits (PICs). Supplying licensed materials is one prong of our Company's three-prong revenue model and business
strategy that includes polymer modulator products as well as technology transfer. This agreement recognizes market acceptance and competitive
advantage of our technology and validates the first prong of our business model. Further, it represents tangible commercial progress for
electro-optic polymers as part of our business plan. 

 On
May 31, 2023, we announced the receipt of U.S. patent number 11,661,428 entitled Nonlinear Optical Chromophores, Nonlinear Optical
Materials Containing the Same, and Uses Thereof in Optical Devices, which details an innovative organic chromophore design using
a novel 'thiophene bridge' to significantly improve material performance in a production environment. This is accomplished by designing
thiophene-containing bridging groups that are positioned between the electron-donating and electron-accepting ends of the chromophore.
These designs provide nonlinear optical chromophores with significantly improved optical properties and improved stability. We expect
this patent will help us progress our commercial discussions with potential customers. 

35 

In
June 2023, we announced the publication of World International Property Organization (WIPO) PCT Patent Publication - PCT Patent No. WO
2023/102066 entitled Nonlinear Optical Materials Containing High Boiling Point Solvents, and Methods of Efficiently Poling The
Same, which illustrates novel organic chemical structural designs that offer increased poling efficiency, as well as thermal stability
for electro-optic materials. These designs provide non-linear optical chromophores with significantly improved material properties and
stability for processing and fabrication by commercial foundries. Specifically, the patent teaches material processing and poling methods
that directly leads to significantly enhanced electro-optic efficiency (r33) as compared to previous poling techniques. We consider this
WIPO PCT Patent Publication to be a strong step forward in the scaling and volume commercialization of our polymer technology platform. 

 On
August 1, 2023, we appointed respected industry executive Laila Partridge to our Board of Directors. Ms. Partridge brings over
30 years of executive experience in technology, corporate innovation and finance to our Board having worked with a wide range
of technologies, including telecommunications, internet infrastructure, AI, internet of things and more. She was named by Boston Business
Journal as one of the ten 2017 Women to Watch in Science and Technology . She currently serves as Founder and Chief Executive
Officer of The HardTech Project, a new venture with a novel approach to early-stage hardware investing. Previously, she was Managing Director
of the STANLEY + Techstars Accelerator where she directed a global effort for Stanley Black Decker's Chief Technology
Officer to identify and invest in innovative technologies for industrial applications with an emphasis on electrification, sustainability
and advanced manufacturing. Prior to that, she began her technology career at Intel Capital, serving as a Director of Strategic Investments.
Ms. Partridge began her career at Wells Fargo, where she ultimately achieved the role of VP of Corporate Banking, having led complex corporate
finance transactions for the company's senior secured debt agencies in the Midwest. Ms. Partridge brings significant board experience
to the Board of Directors, including at Intel Capital serving privately-held technology companies, and in her current role as an independent
Director at Cambridge Trust (NASDAQ: CATC). She holds a Bachelor's degree with Honors from Wellesley College. 

 On
August 21, 2023, we announced the completion of new laboratory production facilities, expanding our corporate headquarters by over 65 ,
nearly 10,000 square feet, for a total of approximately 23,500 square feet to support new commercial activity, including enabling commercial
device testing and evaluation, production reliability testing, laser characterization, SEM analysis and the expansion of our Company's
chemical synthesis production line. 

 On
October 3, 2023, we announced our receipt of the 2023 Industry Award for Most Innovative Hybrid PIC/Optical Integration Platform from
the European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) a premier industry exhibition held in Glasgow,
Scotland from October 2-4, 2023. ECOC is one of the leading conferences on optical communication and attracts top industry minds
from across the world. The ECOC awards emphasize technology and product commercialization, highlighting significant achievements in advancing
the business of optical communications, transport, networking, fiber-based products, photonic integration circuits and related developments.
The Innovative Product category with 5 subcategories looks across the industry at new products driving change in their respective market
segment, and what is timely and helping to increase the use of optics. Metrics include design features that are photonics, electronics,
thermal, mechanical, chemical, environmental and carbon footprint based. 

 On
March 24, 2024, at the 2024 Optical Fiber Conference in San Diego, California (OFC 2024), we presented world-class results for our Company s
200Gbps heterogeneous polymer/silicon photonic modulator at a record low drive voltage, which are based on a novel packaged heterogeneous
polymer EO modulator design leveraging silicon photonics devices from a 200mm production foundry process and Lightwave Logic s proprietary
high temperature, high performance EO Polymer material. Each modulator was operated at 100GBaud PAM4 and achieved all drive voltages below
2V, and as low as 1V which is excellent for low power operation. We discussed the test set-up for the high-speed results, and how electro-optic
polymer-based modulators based on 200mm silicon foundry wafers are ideal for 4 lane 200Gbps per lane 800Gbps pluggable optical transceivers
for datacenter applications. We also shared updated lifetime and reliability data for both the electro-optic polymer materials and electro-optic
polymer devices. Our results demonstrate that a hybrid approach, leveraging the cost and integration benefits of silicon photonics along
with the unparalleled bandwidth and low power advantages of Lightwave Logic s proprietary EO polymers, lays a clear path for competitive
performance and integration for today s and future optical pluggable transceivers, and we expect these results will position our
Company to support the burgeoning demand of generative AI as datacenters around the world begin to upgrade their hardware faster than
expected to meet the demands of the future. 

 On
March 28, 2024, we announced world-class performance of the Company s Perkinamine EO polymer material operating in an optical
interconnect link, at 437.1Gbps employing a PAM8 178GBaud signal encoded by a plasmonic Mach Zehnder modulator (MZM). In this work, intensity
modulated, direct detection (IM/DD) techniques were utilized to drive higher performance. The paper, authored by our teammates ETH Zurich
and Polariton Technologies, demonstrated data rates beyond 400Gbps for a IM/Dd optical interconnect link for the first time. This world-class
result, achieving data rates of 400Gbps per lane, demonstrates that our Company s EO polymers are capable of exceeding double the
current industry expectation. This has the potential to enable 4 lane 1.6Tbps (1600Gbps) pluggable transceiver modules, which is on the
roadmap of datacenter operators today. 

36 

On
April 1, 2024, we announced the issuance of patent 11,921,401 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) 
entitled Nonlinear Optical Chromophores Having a Diamondoid Group Attached Thereto, Methods of Preparing the Same, and Uses
Thereof issued on March 5, 2024, which has been shown to significantly improve the overall stability and performance of our
Company s EO chromophores. This materials-based chemical-engineered invention advances the overall performance of our
Company s EO chromophores and their use in high-speed, low power and commercial-grade EO polymer modulators that operate at
200Gbps with drive voltage levels of 1V. The proprietary chromophores are designed with Diamondoid molecular groups that are
attached to the chromophore. Results show that when these chromophores are dispersed in a host polymer matrix, the EO materials
result in improved macroscopic EO properties, increased poling efficiency, increased loading as well as increased stability of these
materials after poling. The impact of the technology disclosed is significant in that it will increase the overall robustness of
polymer materials that are utilized in optical modulator devices. Further, the materials can be easily utilized in silicon foundries
for high-volume manufacturing processes. We believe this invention will help us bring in more commercial license deals for our EO
polymers, especially as we work with high-volume manufacturing silicon foundries and 200mm silicon wafers. Additionally, we consider
this material as a key component for next generation 800Gbps and 1600Gbps pluggable optical transceiver modules that support the
rise of generative AI and upgrading of datacenter hardware equipment. 

 On
April 16, 2024, we announced our substantial contributions to the recently published Integrated Photonics System Roadmap - International 
(IPSR-I) to accelerate the high-volume commercial manufacturing of high-value integrated photonics over the next decade and beyond. More
than 400 technology, academic and industrial organizations from around the world contributed to IPSR-I. The IPSR-I describes a route toward
building a global, aligned integrated photonics industry with the ability to help solve major societal challenges. It includes a comprehensive
overview of major technology gaps for volume manufacturing of photonic integrated circuits (PIC) and a detailed analysis of the challenges
that the integrated photonics industry needs to overcome to achieve its potential. Lightwave Logic was instrumental in two chapters of
the IPSR-I, serving as co-chair of the Transceivers chapter and chair of the Polymers chapter. Our Company
also contributed to the Interconnects chapter. Transceivers are a critical commercial pluggable optical engine,
for example in hyperscaler datacenters, telelcom networks, and high-performance computing. 'Interconnects' focuses on optical fiber links
that connect pluggable optical transceivers together for routers, switches, computational systems etc. Polymers focuses
on active electro-optic polymers for optical modulators as well as passive polymers that guide and manipulate light in fiber optic communications
markets. The integrated photonics roadmaps both plan and anticipate commercial opportunities as well as potential roadblocks and/or critical
needs on the way to scaling the manufacturing of integrated photonics through 2040. The silicon semiconductor industry has relied on these
types of roadmaps for the past 50 years and with IPSR-I, the photonics industry is becoming organized and more influential as well. 

 On
May 21, 2024, we announced our collaboration with Advanced Micro Foundry (AMF), a leading Silicon Photonics volume foundry, to develop
state-of art polymer slot modulators utilizing AMF's silicon photonics platform. These modulators have been shown to achieve a record
low drive voltage below 1V and data rates of 200Gbps PAM4. This performance will enable a new generation of 800 Gb/s and 1.6T Gb/s pluggable
transceivers to address fast growing requirements for optical connectivity for large generative AI computing clusters. Lightwave Logic
and AMF have collaborated over the past year to develop the electro optic polymer slot modulators utilizing AMF's standard manufacturing
process flow on 200-mm wafers. This successful demonstration marked a significant milestone in integrated photonics, blending Silicon
photonics with polymer materials. Building on this demonstration, both parties are aiming to enhance the modulators to ensure these advanced
components are readily accessible to product companies on a manufacturing scale. This accomplishment puts our Company in a very strong
position to ramp volume both for our polymers as well as 200-mm silicon wafer volume with AMF. It also opens exciting opportunities to
develop novel solutions for commercial-grade-compatible EO polymer modulators seamlessly integrated with AMF's standard processes. 

 On
August 1, 2024, we appointed Yves LeMaitre to our Board of Directors. Mr. LeMaitre brings over 30 years of executive experience
in technology, corporate strategy and marketing to the Board of Directors. He currently serves as a Strategic Board Advisor to Trumpf
Photonic Components, a global technology company specializing in the development of lasers for optics, and as a strategic advisor to the
Optical, RF Micro-Electronics division of Sanmina AMT. Mr. LeMaitre most recently served as CEO of Astrobeam.Space, where he launched
the startup's development of next-generation of laser beam steering for satellite to satellite communication. Previously, Mr. LeMaitre
was the Head of the Optical Coherent Division of IPG Photonics, where he advised and oversaw the division's divestiture to Lumentum. Prior
to that, he was the SVP of Luna Innovations' North America Business Operation (following the company's acquisition of RIO Lasers where
he served as President). Previously, he spent 10 years in varying roles of increasing responsibility through multiple acquisitions with
Oclaro (later acquired by Lumentum), ultimately achieving the roles of Chief Strategy Officer at Lumentum. During his time at OCLARO,
he played a key role in positioning OCLARO as a leader in the optical connectivity business, driving the growth of Indium Phosphide lasers
in the datacenter (now Generative AI front-end networks) segments. He holds a degree from T l com Paris and a
"Maitrise" Degree in Computer Science and Mathematics from Nantes Universit in France. 

37 

On
September 4, 2024, we appointed Thomas M. Connelly, Jr. to our Board of Directors. Mr. Connelly s exceptional industry knowledge
and deep experience in the polymers business will be an outstanding resource to the Lightwave Logic management team and he is uniquely
qualified to help our Company as we expand our business focus for our EO polymer platform. Mr. Connelly has served as CEO
of the American Chemical Society, one of the largest scientific societies with 170,000 members worldwide, and as Chief Innovation Officer
of DuPont, where he was a member of its Office of the Chief Executive. Among his responsibilities in chemicals and materials over 35+
years at DuPont were its Performance Polymers and Packaging Industrial Polymers businesses. He also served as its Chief Science
and Technology Officer, with responsibility across business units in the U.S., Europe and Asia. He joined DuPont in 1977,
and played key roles in Delrin , Kevlar , Sorona and Teflon . Dr. Connelly holds degrees in chemical engineering
(highest honors) and economics from Princeton University, and as a Winston Churchill Scholar he received a PhD in chemical engineering
from the University of Cambridge. As a member of the National Academy of Engineering and its committees, he has been chair of the
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine's committee for the Division on Earth and Life Studies. In addition, he has
held advisory roles to the U.S. government and Republic of Singapore. 

 On
September 24, 2024, we announced our receipt of the 2024 Industry Award for Most Innovative Hybrid PIC/Optical Integration Platform from
the European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC), a premier industry exhibition held in Frankfurt, Germany from September
22-26, 2024. The ECOC Exhibition Awards highlight exceptional achievements in advancing the business of optical communications, transport,
networking, fiber-based products, photonic integration circuits and related developments. The awards, granted by a technical committee
of industry peers and industrial corporations, indicate market recognition and cover 2 broad value-chain categories: Optical materials,
components, packages, modules etc.; and Optical Systems, networks, standards, architecture etc. This award serves as a highlight amidst
our ongoing engagement with a wide spectrum of companies discussing device designs to materials supply and licensing agreements for our
EO polymer materials with OEMs and tier-1 multinational corporations. ECOC is one of the leading global industry conferences on optical
communications, adding to the recognition for this particular innovation award, which provides further market validation of our technology
and provides industry peer confirmation of the inherent benefits of our platform. This is the second time we received this award. 

 On September
24, 2024, we announced a collaboration with Polariton Technologies to demonstrate a packaged device with over 110 GHz super
high bandwidth packaged electro-optic polymer modulators using Polariton's plasmonic modulator device design that contains Lightwave's
proprietary Perkanamine chromophores at the European Conference on Optical Communications (ECOC) held in Frankfurt,
Germany from September 22-26, 2024. The packaged device contains a plasmonic modulator using electro-optic polymer material
and platform chips have demonstrated 400 Gbps, which is the current specification that datacenters are looking for in optical transceiver
modules. This collaboration forms an important technology platform for scalability using large silicon foundries for mass commercialization
with 200mm silicon wafers. The combination of electro-optic polymers and plasmonics can support datacenters around the world which are
responding to high power consumption and the burgeoning demand for higher speed data transmission from artificial intelligence, machine
learning, and other cloud-based services. This device enables ultra-high bandwidths, which are extremely well suited for next generation
internet and optical networking transceivers that require 200Gbps per lane today, and 400Gbps per lane soon. 

As
we move forward to diligently meet our commercial goals, we continue to work closely with our packaging and foundry partners for
112Gbaud prototypes, and we are advancing our reliability and characterization efforts to support our prototyping. Depending on
electrical encoding schemes such as PAM4, or PAM8, or wavelength optical multiplexing, these Gigabaud rates roughly translate to
200Gbps and 300Gbps per lane and are the key speed rates for emerging 800Gbps to future possible 1200Gbps applications. Our
partnership with silicon-based foundries will allow us to scale commercial volumes of electro-optic polymer modulator devices using
large silicon wafers, and we are currently working to have our fabrication processes accepted into foundry PDKs (process development
kits). These are the recipes that foundries use to manufacture devices in their fabrication plants. 

We are
currently engaging with Tier 1 transceiver component manufacturers who since the demonstration of 200Gbps at less than 1V, and more recently
less than 0.5V, have shown increased interest in our polymer platform. These manufacturers are datacenter based and are planning to upgrade
their product portfolio with faster and lower power modulators and are based in USA, Europe as well as the Far East. Our polymer modulators
represent a route that these transceiver manufacturers can upgrade their silicon photonics platform to datacenter performance levels that
are being driven in part by G-AI. 

We are
actively engaged with test equipment manufacturers of the most advanced test equipment to test our state-of-the-art polymer devices. We
continue to engage with multiple industry bodies to promote our roadmap. We continue to fine tune our business model with target markets,
customers, and technical specifications. Our business model includes the licensing of our strong IP and Patent portfolio, as well as technology
transfer to entities such as foundries. Discussions with prospective customers are validating that our modulators are ideally suited for
the datacenter and telecommunications markets that are over 10km in length. Details and feedback of what these prospective customers are
seeking from a prototype are delivered to our technical team. 

Capital Requirements 

We commenced commercial operations in May 2023, and we do not generate
sufficient revenues to pay for our operating expenses. We have incurred substantial net losses since inception. We have satisfied our
capital requirements since inception primarily through the issuance and sale of our common stock. 

38 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of three months
ended September 30, 2024 to three months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 	 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we recognized 22,916 of licensing and royalty revenue. As a development stage company, during the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had no revenues. The Company is in various stages of photonic device and materials development and evaluation with
potential customers and strategic partners, and commercialization. The Company expects to continue obtaining a revenue stream from technology
licensing agreements, to obtain additional revenue streams from technology transfer agreements and direct sale of its own electro-optic
device components. 

Cost of Sales 

 During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and September 30, 2023 we recognized 1,236 and 0 in Cost of Sales, respectively. 

 Operating Expenses 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Change from Prior Three Month Period 
 Percent Change from Prior Three Month Period 

Research and development 
 3,828,301 
 4,040,941 
 (212,640 
 -5 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,490,481 
 1,345,335 
 145,146 
 11 

5,318,782 
 5,386,276 
 (67,494 
 -1 

Research and development
expenses decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily
due to decreases in research and development non-cash stock option amortization expenses, prototype device development and wafer fabrication
expenses, and laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and supplies expenses, offset by increases in research and development salary
expenses, research and development equipment depreciation expense, research and development travel expense, and software expense. 

Research and development non-cash stock option amortization expense decreased by 382,832 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Prototype device development and wafer fabrication expenses decreased by 226,262 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and supplies expenses decreased by 68,090 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

These decreases were offset by a 243,124 increase in research and development salary expense, 134,612 increase in research and development equipment depreciation expense, 69,939 increase in research and development travel expenses, and a 34,109 increase in research and development software expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

39 

We expect to continue to
incur substantial research and development expense developing and commercializing our photonic devices, and electro-optic materials
platform. These expenses will increase because of accelerated development effort to support commercialization of our
non-linear optical polymer materials technology; to build photonic device prototypes; working with semiconductor foundries; hiring
additional technical and support personnel; engaging senior technical advisors; pursuing other potential business opportunities and
collaborations; customer testing and evaluation; and incurring related operating expenses. 

General and administrative expenses
increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases
in general and administrative salary expenses and legal fees, offset by decreases in general and administrative non-cash stock option
amortization expenses, accounting fees and office expenses. 

General and administrative salary expenses increased by 196,796 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Legal fees increased by 147,576 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

These increases were offset by a 144,675 decrease in general and administrative non-cash stock option amortization expenses, a 29,900 decrease in accounting fees, and a 26,726 decrease in office expenses. 

Other Income (Expense) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Prior Three Month Period 
 Change from Prior Three Month Period 

Other Income (Expense) 
 (3,811 
 221,685 
 (225,496 
 -102 

Other income decreased for
the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the recognition
of a 210,274 loss on retirement of certain expired patent applications and patents, and a 24,582 decrease in interest income on money
market account, offset by a 9,428 decrease in commitment fee associated with the purchase of shares by an institutional investor for
sale under a stock purchase agreement. 

 Net Loss 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Change from Prior Three Month Period 
 Percent Change from Prior Three Month Period 

Net Loss 
 5,300,913 
 5,164,591 
 136,322 
 3 

Net loss was 5,300,913 and 5,164,591
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for an increase of 136,322 due primarily to increases in salary
expenses, recognition of loss on retirement of certain expired patent applications and patents, increases in legal fees, depreciation
of research and development equipment, and travel expenses, and a decrease in interest income on money market account, offset by decreases
in non-cash stock option amortization expenses, prototype device development and wafer fabrication expenses, laboratory and wafer fabrication
materials and supplies expenses, accounting fees, office expenses, and commitment fee associated with the purchase of shares by an institutional
investor for sale under a stock purchase agreement. 

40 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of nine months ended
September 30, 2024 to nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 	 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, we recognized 58,938 of licensing and royalty revenue and 13,750 revenue for the device processing work on the device supplied
by a customer. As a development stage company, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had no revenues. 

Cost of Sales 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we recognized 6,411 in Cost of Sales, and 0 in Cost of Sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 Operating Expenses 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2024 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2023 

Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month 
Period 

Percent 
Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month Period 

Research and development 

12,811,221 

12,006,758 

804,463 

7 

General and administrative 

4,642,603 

3,879,515 

763,088 

20 

17,453,824 

15,886,273 

1,567,551 

10 

Research and development
expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due
to increases in research and development salary expenses, prototype device development and wafer fabrication expenses, research and development
equipment depreciation expense, laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and supplies expenses, research and development travel expenses,
rent expenses, property tax expenses, software expenses, research and development repair expenses, and research and development consulting
expenses, offset by decreases in research and development non-cash stock option amortization expenses, research and development employee
relocation expenses, and research and development recruiting fees in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period
in 2023. 

Research and development salary expenses increased by 1,133,765 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Prototype device development and wafer fabrication expenses increased by 327,210 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Depreciation expense increased by 304,509 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and supplies expenses increased by 140,123 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

41 

Research and development travel expenses increased by 138,924 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Research and development rent expenses increased by 90,483 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Property tax expenses increased by 80,937 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Research and development software expenses increased by 46,768 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Research and development repair expenses increased by 38,643 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Research and development consulting expenses increased by 32,281 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

These increases were offset by a 1,265,933 decrease in research and development non-cash stock option amortization expenses, a 178,626 decrease in research and development employee relocation expenses, and a 172,803 decrease in research and development recruiting fees in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 We expect to continue to
incur substantial research and development expense developing and commercializing our photonic devices, and electro-optic materials
platform. These expenses will increase because of accelerated development effort to support commercialization of our
non-linear optical polymer materials technology; to build photonic device prototypes; working with semiconductor foundries; hiring
additional technical and support personnel; engaging senior technical advisors; pursuing other potential business opportunities and
collaborations; customer testing and evaluation; and incurring related operating expenses. 

General and administrative expenses
increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increases
in general and administrative salary expenses, consulting fees, depreciation expense, sales and marketing expenses, general and administrative
recruiting fees, travel expenses, rent expenses, directors fees, and software expenses, offset by decreases general and administrative
non-cash stock option amortization expenses, and accounting expenses 

General and administrative salary expenses increased by 509,356 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

General and administrative consulting fees increased by 166,286 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Depreciation expense increased by 109,164 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by 51,360 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

General and administrative recruiting fees increased by 48,817 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Travel expenses increased by 35,822 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Rent expenses increased by 24,012 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Directors fees increased by 22,500 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

Software expenses increased by 21,847 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

These increases were offset by a 244,254 decrease in general and administrative non-cash stock option amortization expense and a 45,294 decrease in accounting fees in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 

42 

Other Income (Expense) 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2024 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2023 

Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month 
Period 

Percent 
Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month Period 

Other Income (Expense) 

387,039 

(212,083) 

599,122 

282 

Other income increased for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 485,894 decrease
in commitment fee associated with the purchase of shares by an institutional investor for sale under a stock purchase agreement, a 334,636
increase in interest income on money market account, and a recognition of a 210,274 loss on retirement of certain expired patent applications
and patents. 

 Net Loss 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2024 

For the Nine 
Months Ended 
September 30, 2023 

Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month 
Period 

Percent 
Change from 
Prior Nine 
Month Period 

Net Loss 

17,000,508 

16,098,356 

902,152 

6 

Net loss was 17,000,508 and 16,098,356
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for an increase of 902,152 due primarily to increases in salary
expenses, depreciation expense, prototype device development and wafer fabrication expenses, recognition of loss on retirement of certain
expired patent applications and patents, increases in consulting fees, travel expenses, laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and
supplies expenses, rent expense, property tax expenses, software expenses, sales and marketing expenses, repair expenses, and directors 
fees. These increases were offset by decreases in non-cash stock option amortization expense, commitment fee associated with the purchase
of shares by an institutional investor for sale under a stock purchase agreement, employee relocation expenses, recruiting fees, and accounting
fees, and an increase in interest income on money market account. 

43 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary
source of operating cash inflows was (i) proceeds from the sale of common stock to Lincoln Park, an
institutional investor, pursuant to purchase agreements with Lincoln Park (the institutional
investor) and proceeds from sale of common stock by Roth Capital pursuant to the at the market sale agreement with the investment
banking company as described in Note 10 to the Financial Statements and (ii) proceeds received pursuant to the exercise of options and
warrants. 

On July 2, 2021, our
Company filed a 100 million universal shelf registration statement which became effective on July 9, 2021 and expired on July 8, 2024.
On July 26, 2024, the Company filed a new 100 million universal shelf registration statement which became effective on August 5, 2024.
On October 4, 2021, our Company entered into the 2021 purchase agreement with Lincoln Park to sell up to 33 million of registered common
stock over a 36-month period. All of the registered shares under the October 4, 2021 purchase agreement with Lincoln Park have been issued
as of December 31, 2023. On February 28, 2023, our Company entered into the 2023 purchase agreement with Lincoln Park to sell up to 30
million of registered common stock over a 36-month period. As of the date of this filing, 2.8 million remain on the 2023 Purchase Agreement.
On December 9, 2022, our Company entered into the at the market sale agreement with Roth Capital, as sales agent, whereby pursuant to
the at the market sale agreement, our Company may offer and sell up to 35,000,000 in shares of our registered common stock, from time
to time through Roth Capital. As of the date of this filing, 31.9 million remains available to our Company pursuant to the at the market
sale agreement. 

 During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received 9,175,900 in proceeds pursuant to the 2023 purchase agreement with Lincoln
Park, 714,901 in proceeds pursuant to the at the market sale agreement with Roth Capital, 252,450 in proceeds pursuant to the exercise
of options and warrants and 63,884 in cash collections from customer contracts, of which 50,000 related to the proceeds received under
a material supply and license agreement and 13,884 to the proceeds received for a contact for processing work on the devices
supplied by a customer. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company received 19,993,359 in proceeds pursuant to the 2021 purchase
agreement and 2023 purchase agreement with Lincoln Park, 1,515,878 in proceeds pursuant to the at the market sale agreement with Roth
Capital, 1,013,924 in proceeds pursuant to the exercise of options and warrants and 50,000 in a proceed received under a material supply
and license agreement of which 39,875 is recorded as deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, our primary sources of cash outflows from operations included payroll, rent, utilities, payments to vendors including prototypes
development and foundries expenses, laboratory and wafer fabrication materials and supplies expenses, and third-party service providers.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, our primary sources of cash outflows from operations included payroll, rent, utilities, payments
to vendors including prototypes development and foundries expenses and third-party service providers. 

Our future
expenditures and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including: the progress of our research and development efforts;
the rate at which we can, directly or through arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce and sell products incorporating
our polymer materials technology; the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property
rights; market acceptance of our products and competing technological developments; and our ability to establish cooperative development,
joint venture and licensing arrangements. We expect that we will incur approximately 1,687,000 of expenditures per month
over the next 12 months. 

We expect
the proceeds received pursuant to the 2023 purchase agreement and any future purchase agreements with Lincoln Park, the at the market
sale agreement with Roth Capital, the exercise of options and warrants and commercial operations to provide us with sufficient funds to
maintain our operations over the next 12 months. Our current cash position enables us to finance our operations through February 2026
before we will be required to replenish our cash reserves. Our cash requirements are expected to increase at a rate consistent with our
Company s revenue growth as we expand our activities and operations with the objective of increasing our revenue stream from the
commercialization of our electro-optic polymer technology. We currently have no debt to service. 

We
expect that our cash used in operations will continue to increase during 2024 and beyond because of the following
planned activities: 

The addition of management, sales, marketing, technical and other staff to our workforce; 

Increased spending for the expansion of our research and development efforts, including purchases of additional laboratory and production equipment; 

Increased spending in marketing as our products are introduced into the marketplace; 

Partnering with commercial foundries to implement our electro-optic polymers into accepted PDKs by the foundries; 

Developing and maintaining collaborative relationships with strategic partners; 

Developing and improving our manufacturing processes and quality controls; and 

Increases in our general and administrative activities related to our operations as a reporting public company and related corporate compliance requirements. 

44 

2023 Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park 

On February
28, 2023, our Company entered into the 2023 purchase agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from
us up to 30 million of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over a 36-month period. Pursuant to the 2023
purchase agreement, Lincoln Park is obligated to make purchases as the Company directs in accordance with the purchase agreement, which
may be terminated by the Company at any time, without cost or penalty. Sales of shares will be made in specified amounts and at prices
that are based upon the market prices of our common stock immediately preceding the sales to Lincoln Park. We expect this and any future
purchase agreements with Lincoln Park to provide us with sufficient funds to maintain our operations for the foreseeable future. With
the additional capital, we expect to achieve a level of revenues attractive enough to fulfill our development activities and adequate
enough to support our business model for the foreseeable future. 

There
are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the 2023 purchase agreement, and we will control the timing and amount of any
sales of our common stock to Lincoln Park. Lincoln Park has no right to require any sales by us but is obligated to make purchases from
us as we direct in accordance with the 2023 purchase agreement. We can also accelerate the amount of common stock to be purchased under
certain circumstances. There are no limitations on the use of proceeds, financial or business covenants, restrictions on future financings
(other than restrictions on the Company s ability to enter into a similar type of agreement or equity line of credit during the
term, excluding an at-the-market transaction with a registered broker-dealer), rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties
or liquidated damages under the 2023 purchase agreement. 

 At
the Market Sale Agreement Roth Capital 

 On December 9, 2022, we
entered into the at the market sale agreement with Roth Capital, as sales agent. Pursuant to the at the market sale agreement, our Company
may offer and sell up to 35,000,000 in shares of our common stock, from time to time through Roth Capital. Upon delivery of a placement
notice based on our Company s instructions and subject to the terms and conditions of the at the market sale agreement, Roth Capital
may sell the shares by methods deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the
Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through The Nasdaq Capital Market, on any other existing trading market for the Company s
common stock, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market
prices, or by any other method permitted by law, including negotiated transactions, subject to the prior written consent of our Company.
We are not obligated to make any sales of shares under this agreement. The Company or Roth Capital may suspend or terminate the offering
of shares upon notice to the other party, subject to certain conditions. Roth Capital will act as sales agent on a commercially reasonable
efforts basis consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations
and the rules of Nasdaq. We have agreed to pay Roth Capital commissions for its services of acting as agent of 3.0 of the gross
proceeds from the sale of the shares pursuant to the at the market sale agreement. 

 The amount
of proceeds we receive from the at the market sale agreement, if any, will depend upon the number of shares of our common stock sold and
the market price at which they are sold. There can be no assurance that we will be able to sell any shares under or fully utilize this
agreement. Roth Capital is not required to sell any specific number of shares of our common stock under the agreement. We intend to use
net proceeds from the at the market sale agreement for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, sales and marketing
activities, product development, making acquisitions of assets, businesses, companies or securities, capital expenditures, and for working
capital needs. 

We cannot
assure you that we will meet the conditions of the 2023 purchase agreements with Lincoln Park in order to obligate Lincoln Park to purchase
our shares of common stock, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell any shares under or fully utilize the at the market
sale agreement with Roth Capital. In the event we fail to do so, and other adequate funds are not available to satisfy long-term capital
requirements, or if planned revenues are not generated, we may be required to substantially limit our operations. This limitation of operations
may include reductions in capital expenditures and reductions in staff and discretionary costs. 

45 

Analysis of Cash Flows 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 12,414,222 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily attributable to the net loss of 17,000,508 adjusted by 3,468,243
in stock options issued for services, 304,937 amortization of deferred compensation, 121,833 in common stock issued for commitment shares,
 1,240,639 in depreciation expenses and patent amortization expenses, 143,239 amortization of right of use asset, 213,440 loss on disposal
of property and equipment and retirement of certain expired patent applications and patents, 3,562 in accounts receivable, 675,537 in
prepaid expenses and other current assets and 1,585,144) in accounts payable, accrued bonuses, accrued expenses, deferred revenue and
other liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities consisted of payments for research and development, legal, professional
and consulting expenses, rent and other expenditures necessary to develop our business infrastructure. 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 2,278,649 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, consisting of 343,233 in cost for intangibles and 1,935,416 in net asset
additions for the Colorado headquarter facility and labs. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 10,143,251 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and consisted of 252,450 in proceeds from exercise of options
and warrants, 9,175,900 in proceeds from resale of common stock to an institutional investor and 714,901 in proceeds from at the market
sale of common stock by an investment banking company. 

On September
30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 26,882,467, our assets totaled 37,236,197, our liabilities totaled 3,764,627 and we
had stockholders equity of 33,471,570. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Net cash
used in operating activities was 9,913,798 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to the net loss of 16,098,356
adjusted by 5,085,114 in options issued for services, 198,253 amortization of deferred compensation, 607,728 in common stock issued
for services, 797,500 in depreciation expenses and patent amortization expenses, 138,502 amortization of right of use asset, 581 loss
on disposal of property and equipment, 87,058 in prepaid expenses and 730,178) in accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue
and other liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities consisted of payments for research and development, legal, professional and
consulting expenses, rent and other expenditures necessary to develop our business infrastructure. 

Net cash
used by investing activities was 1,386,164 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisting of 215,061 in cost for intangibles,
 1,813,813 in asset additions for the Colorado headquarter facility and labs offset by 642,120 in a loan repayment and 590 in proceeds
on sale of property and equipment. 

Net cash
provided by financing activities was 18,074,457 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and consisted of 632,074 in proceeds from
exercise of options and warrants, 16,063,909 in proceeds from resale of common stock to an institutional investor and 1,378,474 in proceeds
from at the market sale of common stock by an investment banking company. 

On September
30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 30,876,646, our assets totaled 39,104,017, our liabilities totaled 3,683,798 and we
had stockholders equity of 35,420,219. 

Contractual Obligations 

There
have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business in our contractual commitments during the nine months ended September
30, 2024. See Note 8 to the financial statements herein for a discussion of our contractual commitments. 

Significant Accounting Policies 

We believe
our significant accounting policies affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, contains a discussion of these significant accounting policies. The
Company s significant accounting policies have not materially changed since that report was filed. 

46 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

At
September 30, 2024, we had 26.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. For the purposes of this Item 3 we consider all highly liquid instruments
with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. The fair value of all of our cash equivalents
is determined based on Level 1 inputs, which are based upon quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
that are active. We do not use any market risk sensitive instruments to hedge any risks, and we hold no market risk sensitive instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. We place our cash investments in instruments that meet credit quality standards. At September 30,
2024, we had deposits with a financial institution that exceeded the Federal Depository Insurance coverage. 

Market
Interest Rate Risk 

We are
exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is
affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. If a 10 change in interest rates had occurred on September 30, 2024,
this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. 

Due
to the short holding period of our investments and the nature of our investments, we have concluded that we do not have a material financial
market risk exposure. 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation,
the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024 the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 

No material
legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

In addition
to the information set forth in this Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.
Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The
risks described in this Form 10-Q and in our 2023 Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
or future results. 

We have incurred substantial operating losses since
our inception and will continue to incur substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

Since
our inception, we have been engaged primarily in the research and development of our electro-optic polymer materials technologies and
potential products. As a result of these activities, we incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flow since our inception.
We incurred a net loss of 17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a net loss of 21.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023 and 17.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 144.8
million. We anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses through at least 2024. 

We may
not be able to generate significant revenue either through customer contracts for our potential products or technologies or through development
contracts from the U.S. government or government subcontractors. We expect to continue to make significant operating and capital expenditures
for research and development and to improve and expand production, sales, marketing and administrative systems and processes. As a result,
we will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability. We cannot assure you that we will ever achieve profitability. 

We will require additional
capital to continue to fund our operations and if we do not obtain additional capital, we may be required to substantially limit our operations. 

Our
business does not presently generate the cash needed to finance our current and anticipated operations. Based on our current operating
plan and budgeted cash requirements, we believe that we have sufficient funds to finance our operations through February 2026; however,
we will need to obtain additional future financing after that time to finance our operations until such time that we can conduct profitable
revenue-generating activities. We expect that we will need to seek additional funding through public or private financings, including
equity financings, and through other arrangements, including collaborative arrangements. Poor financial results, unanticipated expenses
or unanticipated opportunities could require additional financing sooner than we expect. Other than with respect to the 2023 purchase
agreement with Lincoln Park and the at the market sale agreement with Roth Capital we have no plans or arrangements with respect to the
possible acquisition of additional financing, and such financing may be unavailable when we need it or may not be available on acceptable
terms. We currently have a remaining amount of 2.8 million that is available to our Company pursuant to the 2023 purchase agreement with
Lincoln Park, and 31.9 million that is available to our Company pursuant to the at the market sale agreement with Roth Capital. 

Our forecast of the period of
time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks
and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed in our 2023 Form 10-K.
We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we
currently expect. 

Additional
financing may not be available to us, due to, among other things, our Company not having a sufficient credit history, income stream, profit
level, asset base eligible to be collateralized, or market for its securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible
debt securities, the percentage ownership of our existing shareholders may be reduced, and these securities may have rights superior to
those of our common stock. If adequate funds are not available to satisfy our long-term capital requirements, or if planned revenues are
not generated, we may be required to substantially limit our operations. 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

48 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract,
instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions
of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included herein: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 

49 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTWAVE LOGIC, INC. 

Registrant 

By: 
 /s/ Michael S. Lebby 

Michael S. Lebby, 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ James S. Marcelli 

James S. Marcelli, 

President, Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael S. Lebby, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lightwave Logic, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Michael S. Lebby 

Michael S. Lebby 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, James S. Marcelli, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lightwave Logic, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ James S. Marcelli 

James S. Marcelli 

President, Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Lightwave Logic, Inc. (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael S. Lebby, Chief Executive Officer of our Company, certify,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of our Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Michael S. Lebby 

Michael S. Lebby 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Lightwave Logic, Inc. (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James S. Marcelli, Chief Operating Officer of our Company, certify,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of our Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ James S. Marcelli 

James S. Marcelli 

President, Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 lwlg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 lwlg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 lwlg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 lwlg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

