<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1618563_0001628280-24-044549.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8098913</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145988</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1354680</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2721447</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1927374</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1820268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044549.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044549
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			National Storage Affiliates Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				465053858
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37351
		FILM NUMBER:		241415225

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8400 E. PRENTICE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-630-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8400 E. PRENTICE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044549.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 nsa-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nsa-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, were outstanding. 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST TABLE OF CONTENTS FORM 10-Q Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. Financial Statements 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 12 
 ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 52 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 53 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 53 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 53 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 54 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 54 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 54 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 55 
 Signatures 57 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 
 NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Real estate Self storage properties Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Self storage properties, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Debt issuance costs, net Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures Other assets, net Assets held for sale, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Debt financing Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Interest rate swap liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) per share. authorized, and issued (in series) and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, at liquidation preference 
 Common shares of beneficial interest, par value per share. authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE Rental revenue Other property-related revenue Management fees and other revenue Total revenue OPERATING EXPENSES Property operating expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Other Total operating expenses OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
 ) ) Acquisition and integration costs ) ) ) ) Non-operating (expense) income ) ) ) Gain on sale of self storage properties Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 Distributions to preferred shareholders 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Dividends declared per common share 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative contracts ) Realized loss on derivative contracts ) Reclassification of other comprehensive income to interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to National Storage Affiliates Trust 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except number of shares) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in In Excess Of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total Number Amount Number Amount Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Interests Equity Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Issuance of preferred shares ) OP equity issued: 
 Acquisition of properties 
 Issuance of Series A-1 preferred units Redemptions of OP units ) Repurchase of common shares 
 ) ) ) ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation expense 
 Issuance of restricted common shares 
 Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net 
 ) ) ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net income Balances, March 31, 2023 ) OP equity issued: 
 Acquisition of properties 
 Redemptions of OP units ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation expense 
 Issuance of restricted common shares 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except number of shares) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in In Excess Of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total Number Amount Number Amount Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Interests Equity Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net 
 ) ) ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balances, June 30, 2023 ) Issuance of preferred shares ) ) OP equity issued for property acquisitions: 
 OP units, LTIP units, subordinated performance units and Series A-1 preferred units, net of offering costs 
 Redemptions of OP units ) Repurchase of common shares 
 ) ) ) ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation expense 
 Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net 
 ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except number of shares) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in In Excess Of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total Number Amount Number Amount Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Interests Equity Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Redemptions of OP units ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted common shares Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net ) ) ) Equity offering costs ) ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balances, March 31, 2024 ) Redemptions of OP equity ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net ) ) ) Equity offering costs ) ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except number of shares) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in In Excess Of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total Number Amount Number Amount Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Interests Equity Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net income Balances, June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of preferred shares upon redemption of preferred units ) OP equity issued in connection with internalization of PRO structure (Note 2) Redemptions of OP Units ) Effect of changes in ownership for consolidated entities ) Equity-based compensation expense Vesting and forfeitures of restricted common shares, net ) Equity offering costs ) ) Preferred share dividends ) ) Common share dividends ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net income Balances, September 30, 2024 ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of debt discount and premium, net ) ) Gain on sale of self storage properties ) Other Equity-based compensation expense Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
 ) Distributions from unconsolidated real estate ventures 
 Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects of self storage property acquisitions: 
 Other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of self-storage properties ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Deposits and advances for self storage properties and other acquisitions ) ) Investment in unconsolidated real estate venture ) Expenditures for corporate furniture, equipment and other ) ) Acquisition of intangible assets from former PROs ) ) Proceeds from sale of self storage properties Other Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Borrowings under debt financings Redemption of OP equity ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) Principal payments under debt financings ) ) Payment of dividends to common shareholders ) ) Payment of dividends to preferred shareholders ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Equity offering costs ) Net Cash Used In Financing Activities ) ) (Decrease) Increase in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period End of period 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Consideration exchanged in investment activity Issuance of OP units and subordinated performance units Issuance of Series B preferred shares Other net liabilities assumed Internalization of PRO structure: Issuance of OP units for acquisition of intangible assets from former PROs Change in accrued capital spending ) 
 
 See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 11 

NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. The Company also owns certain of its self storage properties through other consolidated subsidiaries of its operating partnership, which the Company refers to as "DownREIT partnerships." The DownREIT partnerships issue equity ownership interests that are intended to be economically equivalent to the Company's OP units ("DownREIT OP units"). 
 The Company owned, managed and controlled of its consolidated self storage properties in states and Puerto Rico with approximately million rentable square feet in approximately storage units as of September 30, 2024. These properties are managed with local operational focus and expertise. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company also managed through its property management platform an additional portfolio of properties owned by the Company's unconsolidated real estate ventures. These properties contain approximately million rentable square feet, configured in approximately storage units and located across states. The Company owns a equity interest in each of its unconsolidated real estate ventures. 
 As of September 30, 2024, in total, the Company operated and held ownership interests in self storage properties located across states and Puerto Rico with approximately million rentable square feet in approximately storage units. 
 
 2. 
 million to billion. The Company presented changes in borrowings from certain lenders on a net basis in its prior year interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. The Company has corrected this error in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine month period ended September 30, 2023 to present on a gross basis the constructive receipts and payments under debt financings of million and million, respectively. The corrections had no impact to the total net cash used in financing activities in any interim period. The Company evaluated this adjustment both qualitatively and quantitatively and has concluded that this adjustment is immaterial to all impacted periods. 
 
 12 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company's operating partnership was the primary beneficiary of, and therefore consolidated, partnerships that are considered VIEs, which owned self storage properties. The net book value of the real estate owned by these VIEs was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For certain DownREIT partnerships which are subject to fixed rate mortgages payable, the carrying value of such fixed rate mortgages payable held by these VIEs was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The creditors of the consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the Company's general credit. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of tenant insurance and tenant warranty protection plan revenues and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of tenant insurance and tenant warranty protection plan revenues. 
 The Company sells boxes, packing supplies, locks, other retail merchandise and rents moving trucks at its properties. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized retail sales of million and million, respectively and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized retail sales of million and million, respectively. 
 Management fees and other revenue 
 Management fees and other revenue consist of property management fees, platform fees, call center fees, acquisition fees, amounts related to the facilitation of tenant warranty protection or tenant insurance programs for certain stores in the Company's consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated real estate ventures, access fees associated with tenant insurance-related arrangements, and profit distributions from the Company's interest in a reinsurance company. 
 
 13 

of monthly gross revenues and net sales revenues from the assets of the unconsolidated real estate ventures, and the platform fees are equal to per month per unconsolidated real estate venture property. The property management fees for the 2024 Joint Venture are equal to of monthly gross revenues and net sales revenues from the assets of the unconsolidated real estate venture. With respect to the 2016 Joint Venture, the 2023 Joint Venture and 2024 Joint Venture, the call center fee is equal to of each of monthly gross revenues and net sales revenues. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized property management fees, call center fees and platform fees of million and million, respectively and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized property management fees, call center fees and platform fees of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company also earns acquisition fees for properties acquired by the unconsolidated real estate ventures, which are the 2016 Joint Venture, the 2018 Joint Venture, 2023 Joint Venture and the 2024 Joint Venture (each as defined in Note 5). These fees are based on a percentage of the gross capitalization of the acquired assets determined by the members of the 2016 Joint Venture, the 2018 Joint Venture, the 2023 Joint Venture and the 2024 Joint Venture, and are generally earned when the unconsolidated real estate ventures obtain title and control of an acquired property. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized acquisition fees of million and , respectively and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized acquisition fees of million and , respectively. 
 The Company provides or makes available tenant insurance or tenant warranty protection programs for tenants at its properties. For certain of the properties in the Company s consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated real estate ventures, the Company provides such tenant insurance through the Company s wholly-owned captive insurance company and a separate reinsurance company in which the Company has a partial ownership interest. With respect to properties in all of the Company s unconsolidated real estate ventures, the Company receives of all proceeds from tenant insurance and tenant warranty protection programs at each unconsolidated real estate venture property in exchange for facilitating the programs at those properties. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue related to these activities and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of revenue related to these activities. 

14 

15 

million, consisting of OP units and million in cash. The Company allocated the purchase price to intangible assets acquired, consisting of management contracts and certain PROs' trade names. The Company also acquired certain rights related to certain PROs' tenant insurance-related programs. The consideration paid for the rights associated with the tenant insurance-related programs was approximately million, consisting of OP units and million in cash. In addition, the Company incurred million in transaction fees related to the transactions. 
 Additionally, in connection with the internalization of its PRO structure, effective July 1, 2024, all outstanding subordinated performance units including all DownREIT subordinated performance units were converted into an aggregate of OP units and DownREIT OP units. Each subordinated performance unit and DownREIT subordinated performance unit was converted into a number of OP units and DownREIT OP units determined by dividing the average cash available for distribution (CAD) per unit on the series subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units over a period ending December 31, 2023, by of the CAD per unit on the OP units determined over the same period. CAD per unit on the series subordinated performance units, DownREIT subordinated performance units, OP units and DownREIT OP units was determined by the Company based upon the application of the provisions of the operating partnership agreement applicable to the distributions of operating cash flow and capital transactions proceeds. 
 
 3. 
 million of common shares of beneficial interest, par value per share of the Company ("common shares") and Series A cumulative redeemable Preferred Shares of beneficial interest ("Series A Preferred Shares") in sales deemed to be "at the market" offerings (the "sales agreement"). On May 19, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the sales agreement with certain sales agents, whereby the Company increased the aggregate gross sale price under the program to million, which included million of the remaining available offered shares. The sales agreement contemplates that, in addition to the issuance and sale by the Company of offered shares to or through the sale agents, the Company may enter into separate forward sale agreements with any forward purchaser. Forward sale agreements, if any, will include only the Company's common shares and will not include any Series A Preferred Shares. If the Company enters into a forward sale agreement with any forward purchaser, such forward purchaser will attempt to borrow from third parties and sell, through the related agent, acting as sales agent for such forward purchaser (each, a "forward seller"), offered shares, in an amount equal to the offered shares subject to such forward sale agreement, to hedge such forward purchaser s exposure under such forward sale agreement. The Company may offer the common shares and Series A Preferred Shares through the agents, as the Company's sales agents, or, as applicable, as forward seller, or directly to the agents or forward sellers, acting as principals, by means of, among others, ordinary brokers transactions on the NYSE or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at negotiated prices. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did sell any common shares through the ATM program. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of capacity remaining under its most recent ATM Program. 
 
 16 

million of the Company's common shares of beneficial interest from time to time. On December 1, 2023, the Company approved a new share repurchase program authorizing, but not obligating, the repurchase of up to million of the Company's common shares from time to time. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchase transactions will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will be subject to share price, availability, trading volume and general market conditions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased common shares for approximately million, including commissions and fees. 
 Series A Preferred Shares 
 The Series A Preferred Shares rank senior to the Company's common shares with respect to rights and rights upon its liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares, which are payable quarterly in arrears, are cumulative from the date of original issuance in the amount of per share each year. The Series A Preferred Shares became redeemable by the Company in October 2022 for a cash redemption price of per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends. The increase in Series A Preferred Shares outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, was due to the issuance of Series A Preferred Shares upon the redemption of an equivalent number of Series A-1 Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series A-1 preferred units"). 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 All of the OP equity in the Company's operating partnership not held by the Company are reflected as noncontrolling interests. Noncontrolling interests also include ownership interests in DownREIT partnerships held by entities other than the Company's operating partnership. NSA is the general partner of its operating partnership and is authorized to cause its operating partnership to issue additional partner interests, including preferred units, OP units and LTIP units at such prices and on such other terms as it determines in its sole discretion. 
 OP units Subordinated performance units LTIP units DownREIT units DownREIT OP units DownREIT subordinated performance units Total 
 Series A-1 Preferred Units 
 The Series A-1 preferred units rank senior to OP units in the Company's operating partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation. The Series A-1 preferred units have a stated value of per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of . These distributions are cumulative. The Series A-1 preferred units are redeemable at the option of the holder after the first anniversary of the date of issuance, which redemption obligations may be satisfied at the Company s option in cash in an amount equal to the market value of an equivalent number of the Series A Preferred Shares or the issuance of Series A Preferred Shares on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustments. The Series A Preferred Shares are redeemable by the Company for a cash redemption price of per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends beginning in October 2022. The decrease in Series A-1 preferred units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, was due to the redemption of Series A-1 preferred units for an equivalent number of Series A Preferred Shares. 
 
 17 

-for-one basis, and DownREIT OP units are redeemable for cash or, at the Company's option, exchangeable for OP units in its operating partnership on a -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments in each case. The holders of OP units are generally not entitled to elect redemption until one year after the issuance of the OP units. The holders of DownREIT OP units are generally not entitled to elect redemption until five years after the date of the contributor's initial contribution. 
 The increase in OP units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was due to (i) OP units issued upon the conversion of subordinated performance units due to the internalization of the PRO structure, (ii) the issuance of OP units in connection with the purchase of the PROs' intangible assets, (iii) OP units issued upon the voluntary conversion of subordinated performance units, and (iv) the conversion of LTIP units into an equivalent number of OP units, partially offset by the redemption of OP units for an equal number of common shares, OP units that were exchanged for DownREIT OP units and the redemption of OP units for cash. 
 The increase in DownREIT OP units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was due to DownREIT OP units issued upon the conversion of DownREIT subordinated performance units due to the internalization of the PRO structure and DownREIT OP units that were issued in exchange for OP units. 
 Subordinated Performance Units and DownREIT Subordinated Performance Units 
 Effective July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure, all outstanding subordinated performance units (including all DownREIT subordinated performance units) were converted into an aggregate of OP units and DownREIT OP units. Each subordinated performance unit and DownREIT subordinated performance unit was converted into the number of OP units and DownREIT OP units determined by dividing the average cash available for distribution (CAD) per unit on the series subordinated performance units over the period ending December 31, 2023, by of the CAD per unit on the OP units determined over the same period. 
 The decrease in subordinated performance units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was due to (i) the conversion of subordinated performance units into OP units due to the internalization of the PRO structure, (ii) the voluntary conversion of subordinated performance units into OP units (iii) and the redemption of subordinated performance units for cash. 
 The decrease in DownREIT subordinated performance units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was due to the conversion of DownREIT subordinated performance units into DownREIT OP units due to the internalization of the PRO structure. 
 LTIP Units 
 LTIP units are a special class of partnership interest in the Company's operating partnership that allow the holder to participate in the ordinary and liquidating distributions received by holders of the OP units (subject to the achievement of specified levels of profitability by the Company's operating partnership or the achievement of certain events). LTIP units may also, under certain circumstances, be convertible into OP units on a -for-one basis, which are then exchangeable for common shares as described above. 
 The increase in LTIP units outstanding from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 was due to issuance of compensatory LTIP units to employees and trustees, net of forfeitures, partially offset by the conversion of LTIP units into an equivalent number of OP units. 
 
 18 

4. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment Total self storage properties Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Self storage properties, net 
 Depreciation expense related to self storage properties amounted to million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 million in equity (approximately million from the 2024 NSA Member in exchange for a ownership interest and approximately million from the 2024 JV Investor in exchange for a ownership interest) and proceeds from a million interest-only secured debt financing with an interest rate of per annum and a term of . 
 A subsidiary of the Company is acting as the non-member manager of the 2024 Joint Venture (the "2024 NSA Manager"). The 2024 NSA Manager directs, manages and controls the day-to-day operations and affairs of the 2024 Joint Venture but may not cause the 2024 Joint Venture to make certain major decisions involving the business of the 2024 Joint Venture without the consent of both 2024 JV Members, including the approval of annual budgets, sales and acquisitions of properties, financings, and certain actions relating to bankruptcy. 
 The Company's investment in the 2024 Joint Venture is accounted for using the equity method of accounting and is included in investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s earnings from its investment in the 2024 Joint Venture are presented in equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024, pursuant to a contribution agreement executed by the 2024 JV Members on December 21, 2023, in exchange for cash the Company contributed to the 2024 Joint Venture self storage properties located across states, consisting of approximately million rentable square feet configured in over storage units. 
 2023 Joint Venture 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company, through a newly formed subsidiary (the "2023 NSA Member"), entered into an agreement (the "2023 JV Agreement") to form a joint venture (the "2023 Joint Venture") with a state pension fund advised by Heitman Capital Management LLC (the "2023 JV Investor," together with the 2023 NSA Member, the "2023 JV Members") to acquire and operate self storage properties. The 2023 JV Agreement provides for equity capital contributions by the 2023 JV Members of up to million over a twenty-four month investment period (subject to extension options if both of the 2023 JV Members agree) starting in December 2023, with the 2023 JV Investor holding a ownership interest and the 2023 NSA Member holding a ownership interest. 
 
 19 

self storage properties located across states, consisting of approximately million rentable square feet configured in over storage units for approximately million. The 2023 Joint Venture financed the acquisitions with capital contributions from the 2023 JV Members, of which the Company contributed approximately million. 
 2018 Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's unconsolidated real estate venture, formed in September 2018 with an affiliate of Heitman America Real Estate REIT LLC (the "2018 Joint Venture"), owned and operated a portfolio of self storage properties containing approximately million rentable square feet, configured in approximately storage units and located across states. 
 2016 Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's unconsolidated real estate venture, formed in September 2016 with a state pension fund advised by Heitman Capital Management LLC (the "2016 Joint Venture"), owned and operated a portfolio of properties containing approximately million rentable square feet, configured in approximately storage units and located across states. 
 Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Self storage properties, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Debt financing Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 20 

Property operating expenses ) ) Supervisory, administrative and other expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Interest expense ) ) Non-operating expenses ) ) Net income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Total revenue Property operating expenses ) ) Supervisory, administrative and other expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Interest expense ) ) Non-operating expenses ) ) Net income 

21 

6. 
 self storage properties for million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. All of these acquisitions were acquired by the Company from third parties. The self storage property acquisitions were accounted for as asset acquisitions and accordingly, million of transaction costs related to the acquisitions were capitalized as part of the basis of the acquired properties. The Company allocated the total purchase price to the estimated fair value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company allocated a portion of the purchase price to identifiable intangible assets consisting of customer in-place leases which were recorded at an estimated value of million, resulting in a total value of million allocated to real estate. 
 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Total 
 
 Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold self storage properties to third parties for net proceeds of million and contributed self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture for net cash proceeds of million. The Company recorded a net gain on the dispositions of million. 
 
 22 

7. 
 and , respectively 
 Receivables: Trade, net Former PROs and other affiliates Receivables from unconsolidated real estate ventures Property acquisition and other deposits Interest rate swaps Prepaid expenses and other Corporate furniture, equipment and other, net Trade names Management contracts, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Tenant reinsurance intangible, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Goodwill Total 
 Amortization expense related to customer in-place leases amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to management contracts amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to the tenant reinsurance intangible amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 23 

8. 
 Term loan B Term loan C Term loan D Term loan E 2028 Term loan facility April 2029 Term loan facility June 2029 Term loan facility May 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes October 2026 Senior Unsecured Notes July 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes September 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes October 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes 2029 Senior Unsecured Notes August 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes October 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes November 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes May 2031 Senior Unsecured Notes August 2031 Senior Unsecured Notes September 2031 Senior Unsecured Notes November 2031 Senior Unsecured Notes August 2032 Senior Unsecured Notes November 2032 Senior Unsecured Notes May 2033 Senior Unsecured Notes October 2033 Senior Unsecured Notes November 2033 Senior Unsecured Notes 2034 Senior Unsecured Notes 2036 Senior Unsecured Notes Fixed rate mortgages payable Total principal Unamortized debt issuance costs and debt premium, net 
 ) ) Total debt 
 (1) Represents the effective interest rate as of September 30, 2024. Effective interest rate incorporates the stated rate plus the impact of interest rate cash flow hedges and discount and premium amortization, if applicable. For the revolving line of credit, the effective interest rate excludes fees for unused borrowings. 
 
 24 

billion (the "credit facility") consisting of the following components: (i) a revolving line of credit (the "Revolver") which provides for a total borrowing commitment up to million, under which the Company may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts, (ii) a million tranche D term loan facility (the "Term Loan D") and (iii) a million tranche E term loan facility (the "Term Loan E"). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid the remaining million of the tranche B term loan facility (the "Term Loan B") and the million tranche C term loan facility (the "Term Loan C"). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an expansion option under the credit facility, which, if exercised in full, would provide for a total credit facility of billion. As of September 30, 2024, million of the Revolver is subject to interest rate swaps that mature in February 2025, which is reflected in the effective interest rate of . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding letters of credit totaling million and would have had the capacity to borrow remaining Revolver commitments of million while remaining in compliance with the credit facility's financial covenants. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 September 2028, September 2031 And 2034 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On September 5, 2024, the operating partnership issued million of senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2028 (the "September 2028 Notes"), million of senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2031 (the "September 2031 Notes"), and million of senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2034 (the "2034 Notes") in a private placement to certain institutional investors. 
 Future Debt Obligations 
 ) 2025 ) ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) 2029 ) Thereafter ) ) 
 
 25 

9. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 Distributions to preferred shareholders 
 ) ) ) ) Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities 
 ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders - basic 
 Effect of assumed conversion of dilutive securities 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders - diluted 
 Denominator 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Weighted average OP units outstanding 
 Weighted average DownREIT OP units outstanding 
 Weighted average LTIP units outstanding 
 Weighted average subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance unit equivalents 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 
 Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted 
 Outstanding equity interests of the Company's operating partnership and DownREIT partnerships are considered potential common shares for purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share as the unitholders may, through the exercise of redemption rights, obtain common shares, subject to various restrictions. Basic earnings per share is calculated based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by further adjusting for the dilutive impact using the treasury stock method for unvested LTIP units subject to a service condition outstanding during the period and the if-converted method for any convertible securities outstanding during the period. 
 
 26 

-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments and DownREIT OP units are redeemable for cash or, at the Company's option, exchangeable for OP units in its operating partnership on a -for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments in each case. 
 LTIP units may also, under certain circumstances, be convertible into OP units on a -for-one basis, which are then exchangeable for common shares as described above. Certain LTIP units vested prior to or upon the completion of the Company's initial public offering and certain LTIP units have vested upon the satisfaction of a service or market condition or will vest upon the satisfaction of future service and market conditions. Vested LTIP units and unvested LTIP units that vest based on a service or market condition are allocated income or loss in a similar manner as OP units. Unvested LTIP units subject to a service or market condition are evaluated for dilution using the treasury stock method. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, unvested LTIP units that vest based on a service or market condition are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as they are not dilutive to earnings per share. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, LTIP units that vest upon the future acquisition of properties are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the contingency for the units to vest has not been attained as of the end of the reported period. 
 Effective July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure, all outstanding subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units were converted into OP units and DownREIT OP units, respectively. For periods in which the subordinated performance units were outstanding, the Company calculated the potentially dilutive impact of such units by assuming a hypothetical conversion into OP units and DownREIT OP units and considering the GAAP income that was allocated to such units. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, potential common shares totaling million, related to OP units, DownREIT OP units and vested LTIP units have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share as they are not dilutive to earnings (loss) per share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, potential common shares totaling million, related to OP units, DownREIT OP units, subordinated performance units, DownREIT subordinated performance units and vested LTIP units have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share as they are not dilutive to earnings (loss) per share. 
 Participating securities, which consist of unvested restricted common shares, receive dividends equal to those received by common shares. The effect of participating securities for the periods presented above is calculated using the two-class method of allocating distributed and undistributed earnings. 
 
 10. 
 to of gross revenue for such managed self storage properties. Through June 30, 2024, the Company incurred million for supervisory and administrative fees to the former PROs under the prior asset management agreements. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, for supervisory and administrative fees to the former PROs. Such fees are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 27 

million for payroll and related costs reimbursable to the former PROs under the prior asset management agreements. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, for payroll and related costs reimbursable to these former PROs. Such costs are included in property operating expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 In connection with the internalization of the PRO structure, a company owned and controlled by Mark Van Mourick, a former trustee of the Company, received OP units with a value of approximately million, along with approximately million in cash. Prior to becoming a trustee of the Company, Warren Allen and a company owned and controlled by Mr. Allan, collectively received OP units with a value of approximately million and approximately million in cash. Additionally, Arlen Nordhagen, the vice chairperson of the Company's board of trustees, received OP units with a value of approximately million as a result of a noncontrolling investment in one of the former PRO's affiliates. 
 
 11. 

12. 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 28 

(Gains) and losses on interest rate swaps reclassified into interest expense from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Unrealized gains and realized (losses) on interest rate swaps and forward starting swaps included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Fair value at September 30, 2023 Fair value at December 31, 2023 (Gains) and losses on interest rate swaps reclassified into interest expense from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Unrealized (losses) gains and realized (losses) on interest rate swaps and forward starting swaps included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Fair value at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate current notional amounts of million and million, respectively, designated as cash flow hedges. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's swaps had a weighted average remaining term of approximately years. 
 In connection with the issuance of fixed rate unsecured notes in the second quarter of 2023, we entered into million of forward starting interest rate swaps on March 16, 2023, and a million forward starting interest rate swap on March 24, 2023, locking the interest rate of compounded SOFR at through April 5, 2023. These interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges. The realized loss of million of the compounded SOFR swaps are included in unrealized and realized gains (loss) on derivative instruments in comprehensive income (loss) and will be reclassified into interest expense over years, which is the term of anticipated unsecured fixed rate debt including any replacement debt thereof. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income will be reclassified into interest expense as interest payments are made on the anticipated debt. 
 The fair value of these swaps are included in other assets and liabilities in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets, and the Company recognizes any changes in the fair value as an adjustment of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within equity. If the forward rates at September 30, 2024 remain constant, the Company estimates that during the next 12 months, the Company would reclassify into earnings, as a reduction in interest expense, approximately million of the unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). If market interest rates remain above the weighted average fixed rate under these interest rate swaps the Company will continue to receive payments due to it from its counterparties to the interest rate swaps. 
 There were no transfers between levels of the three-tier fair value measurement hierarchy during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For financial assets and liabilities that utilize Level 2 inputs, the Company utilizes both direct and indirect observable price quotes, including SOFR yield curves. The Company uses valuation techniques for Level 2 financial assets and liabilities which include SOFR yield curves at the reporting date as well as assessing counterparty credit risk. Counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with the Company's derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and the counterparties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that the effect of credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. Therefore, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations are appropriately classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 29 

Mortgage Notes 
 (1) Carrying value represents the principal balance outstanding 
 
 30 

ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 We make forward-looking statements in this report that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When we use the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continue," "intend," "should," "may," or similar expressions, we intend to identify forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report reflect our current views about future events and are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. 
 Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: 
 market trends in our industry, interest rates, inflation, the debt and lending markets or the general economy; 
 our business and investment strategy; 
 the acquisition or disposition of properties, including those under contract, and the ability of our acquisitions to achieve underwritten capitalization rates and our ability to execute on our acquisition pipeline; 
 the timing of acquisitions or dispositions; 
 the integration of the properties managed by our former PROs into the Company, including into our financial and operational reporting infrastructure and internal control framework; 
 our operating performance and projected operating results, including our ability to achieve market rents and occupancy levels, reduce operating expenditures and increase the sale of ancillary products and services; 
 our ability to access additional off-market acquisitions; 
 actions and initiatives of the U.S. federal, state and local government and changes to U.S. federal, state and local government policies, regulations, tax laws and rates, related accounting guidance, and the execution and impact of these actions, initiatives, policies, regulations, guidance and laws; 
 the state of the U.S. economy generally or in specific geographic regions, states, territories or municipalities; 
 economic trends and economic recoveries; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements on favorable terms; 
 general volatility of the securities markets in which we participate; 
 impacts from highly infectious or contagious diseases, including unfavorable changes to economic conditions that could adversely affect occupancy levels, rental rates, expenses and the ability of the Company's tenants to pay rent; 
 changes in the value of our assets; 
 projected capital expenditures; 
 the impact of technology on our products, operations, and business; 
 the implementation of our technology and best practices programs (including our ability to effectively implement our integrated Internet marketing strategy); 
 changes in interest rates, the degree to which our hedging strategies may or may not protect us from interest rate volatility and the impact of such changes on the economy and our industry; 
 our ability to continue to qualify and maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes ("REIT"); 
 
 31 

availability of qualified personnel; 
 the risks of investing through joint ventures, including whether the anticipated benefits from a joint venture are realized or may take longer to realize than expected; 
 risks related to or a consequence of natural disasters or acts of violence, pandemics, active shooters, terrorism, insurrection or war that affect the markets in which we operate; 
 estimates relating to our ability to make distributions to our shareholders in the future; and 
 our understanding of our competition. 
 The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions, and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. Readers should carefully review our financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as the sections entitled "Business," "Risk Factors," "Properties," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 National Storage Affiliates Trust is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust organized in the state of Maryland on May 16, 2013. We have elected and we believe that we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We serve as the sole general partner of our operating partnership, a Delaware limited partnership formed on February 13, 2013 to conduct our business, which is focused on the ownership, operation, and acquisition of self storage properties located predominantly within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. 
 Our vice chairperson of the board of trustees and former chief executive officer, Arlen D. Nordhagen, co-founded SecurCare Self Storage, Inc. in 1988 to invest in and manage self storage properties. While growing SecurCare to over 150 self storage properties, Mr. Nordhagen recognized a market opportunity for a differentiated public self storage REIT that would leverage the benefits of national scale by integrating multiple experienced regional self storage operators with local operational focus and expertise. Although the PRO structure contributed to our significant growth over the last decade, the internalization of the PRO structure has always been a part of our long term vision. Our former structure offered our PROs a unique opportunity to serve as regional property managers for their managed portfolios and directly participate in the potential upside of those properties while simultaneously diversifying their investment to include a broader portfolio of self storage properties. Over time, largely through our unconsolidated real estate ventures and internalization of PROs, we have developed a full service internally-staffed property management platform. Effective July 1, 2024, we internalized our PRO structure. 
 As a result of the internalization of the PRO structure, effective July 1, 2024 (the "Closing Date"), we purchased each PRO's management contracts, certain PRO IP, and certain rights with respect to the PROs' tenant insurance programs. We are transitioning the majority of operations in a phased approach, which has begun and is expected to continue over the 12 month period following the Closing Date, and we have executed new asset management and property management agreements with a number of our former PROs for all or a part of this transitionary period at newly negotiated management fees. In connection with the internalization, on July 1, 2024, all 11,906,167 outstanding subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units were converted into an aggregate of 17,984,787 OP units and DownREIT OP units. 
 
 32 

Our Structure 
 Through our property management platform, we direct, manage and control the day-to-day operations and affairs of our consolidated properties and our unconsolidated real estate ventures. As of September 30, 2024, our property management platform managed and controlled the majority of our 811 consolidated properties and all 259 properties in our unconsolidated real estate ventures. The properties are primarily managed by us under the brands of iStorage, Move It, Moove In, Northwest, RightSpace, SecurCare and Southern. 
 We earn certain customary fees for managing and operating the properties in the unconsolidated real estate ventures and we facilitate tenant insurance and/or tenant warranty protection programs for tenants at these properties in exchange for half of all proceeds from such programs. 
 Our Consolidated Properties 
 We seek to own properties that are well located in high quality sub-markets with highly accessible street access and attractive supply and demand characteristics, providing our properties with strong and stable cash flows that are less sensitive to the fluctuations of the general economy. Many of these markets have multiple barriers to entry against increased supply, including zoning restrictions against new construction and new construction costs that we believe are higher than our properties' fair market value. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned a geographically diversified portfolio of 811 self storage properties, located in 38 states and Puerto Rico, comprising approximately 52.0 million rentable square feet, configured in approximately 407,000 storage units. Of these properties, 306 were acquired by us from our former PROs, 504 were acquired from third-party sellers and one was acquired from the 2016 Joint Venture. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired three self storage properties for 25.2 million, comprising approximately 200,000 rentable square feet, configured in approximately 1,300 storage units. All of these self storage properties were acquired by us from third parties. 
 Our Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures 
 We seek to opportunistically partner with institutional funds and other institutional investors to acquire attractive portfolios utilizing a promoted return structure. We believe there is significant opportunity for continued external growth by partnering with institutional investors seeking to deploy capital in the self storage industry. In addition, we consider the 75 third-party interest in the Company's unconsolidated real estate ventures, which currently own 259 properties, to present a potential acquisition opportunity. This 75 third-party share of gross real estate assets is approximately 2.0 billion based on the historical book value of the joint ventures. Were we to pursue an acquisition of these interests, it could potentially drive our future growth. 
 2024 Joint Venture 
 On February 13, 2024, we entered into the 2024 Joint Venture, in which we have a 25 ownership interest. During 2024, we contributed 56 self storage properties containing approximately 3.2 million rentable square feet, configured in over 24,000 storage units and located across seven states. 
 2023 Joint Venture 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the 2023 Joint Venture acquired 18 self storage properties located across two states, consisting of approximately 1.2 million rentable square feet configured in over 8,000 storage units for approximately 147.9 million. The 2023 Joint Venture financed these acquisitions with capital contributions from the 2023 JV Members, of which we contributed approximately 37.0 million. The 2023 JV Agreement allows for equity capital contributions of up to 400.0 million from the 2023 JV Members over a twenty-four month period starting in December 2023, with options to extend the investment time period by two additional six month periods. 
 2018 Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024, our 2018 Joint Venture, in which we have a 25 interest, owned and operated a portfolio of 104 properties containing approximately 7.9 million rentable square feet, configured in approximately 65,000 storage units and located across 17 states. 
 
 33 

2016 Joint Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024, our 2016 Joint Venture, in which we have a 25 ownership interest, owned and operated a portfolio of 81 properties containing approximately 5.7 million rentable square feet, configured in approximately 47,000 storage units and located across 13 states. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 When reviewing our results of operations it is important to consider the timing of acquisition and disposition activity and the internalization of our PRO structure. We contributed 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture and sold an additional 40 self storage properties to third parties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We also sold 32 self storage properties to a third party during the three months ended December 31, 2023. We acquired three self storage properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 20 self storage properties during the year ended December 31, 2023. As a result of these and other factors, we do not believe that our historical results of operations discussed and analyzed below are comparable or necessarily indicative of our future results of operations or cash flows. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the results of our operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1. Certain figures, such as interest rates and other percentages, included in this section have been rounded for ease of presentation. Percentage figures included in this section have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this reason, percentage amounts in this section may vary slightly from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our condensed consolidated financial statements or in the associated text. Certain other amounts that appear in this section may similarly not sum due to rounding. 
 
 34 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table illustrates the changes in rental revenue, other property-related revenue, management fees and other revenue, property operating expenses, and other expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue 174,467 201,833 (27,366) Other property-related revenue 7,405 7,764 (359) Management fees and other revenue 11,749 9,550 2,199 Total revenue 193,621 219,147 (25,526) Property operating expenses 52,712 58,581 (5,869) General and administrative expenses 13,114 15,100 (1,986) Depreciation and amortization 47,661 55,842 (8,181) Other 3,643 4,138 (495) Total operating expenses 117,130 133,661 (16,531) Other (expense) income Interest expense (39,575) (43,065) 3,490 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (323) (323) Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
 (4,712) 1,930 (6,642) Acquisition and integration costs (1,164) (341) (823) Non-operating expense (83) (24) (59) Other expense, net 
 (45,857) (41,500) (4,357) Income before income taxes 
 30,634 43,986 (13,352) Income tax expense 
 (863) (922) 59 Net income 
 29,771 43,064 (13,293) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (11,070) (13,827) 2,757 Net income attributable to National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 18,701 29,237 (10,536) Distributions to preferred shareholders (5,112) (5,110) (2) Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 13,589 24,127 (10,538) 
 Total Revenue 
 Our total revenue, including management fees and other revenue, decreased by 25.5 million, or 11.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in total revenue was also attributable to a decrease in total portfolio average occupancy from 88.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 86.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Average occupancy is calculated based on the average of the month-end occupancy immediately preceding the period presented and the month-end occupancies included in the respective period presented. 
 
 35 

Rental Revenue 
 Rental revenue decreased by 27.4 million, or 13.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in rental revenue was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Annualized total portfolio rental revenues (including fees and net of any discounts and uncollectible customer amounts) divided by average occupied square feet ("average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot") increased from 15.32, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 15.57, or 1.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, driven primarily by increased contractual lease rates for in-place tenants. 
 Other Property-Related Revenue 
 Other property-related revenue represents ancillary income from our self storage properties, such as tenant insurance-related fees and sales of storage supplies. Other property-related revenue decreased by 0.4 million, or 4.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease primarily resulted from a decrease in tenant insurance revenue due to the disposition of properties during the three months ended December 31, 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Management Fees and Other Revenue 
 Management fees and other revenue, which includes revenue related to managing and operating the unconsolidated real estate ventures and other revenue from our tenant insurance programs, increased 2.2 million, or 23.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to increased property management and acquisition fees resulting from the 2023 Joint Venture and the 2024 Joint Venture and changes in our tenant insurance programs. 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 Property operating expenses decreased 5.9 million, or 10.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in property operating expenses was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 2.0 million, or 13.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in management fees following the internalization of the PRO structure. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 8.2 million, or 14.7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other 
 Other expenses decreased 0.5 million, or 12.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in casualty-related expenses and losses, partially offset by an increase in administrative costs relating to our tenant insurance programs. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased 3.5 million, or 8.1 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to a decrease in the amount of debt subject to variable interest rates (excluding variable-rate debt subject to interest rate swaps) outstanding from 942.0 million, as of September 30, 2023, to 186.8 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 36 

Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt increased 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the early repayment of Term Loan C, we expensed 0.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 Equity In (Losses) Earnings Of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures 
 Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents our share of earnings and losses incurred through our ownership interests in the 2024 Joint Venture, 2023 Joint Venture, 2018 Joint Venture and the 2016 Joint Venture. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 4.7 million of equity in losses from our unconsolidated real estate ventures compared to 1.9 million of earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the non-cash impact of applying hypothetical liquidation at book value (HLBV) to the 2024 Joint Venture, which allocates income (loss) based on the change in each owners' claim on net assets upon a hypothetical liquidation of the underlying joint venture at book value as of September 30, 2024. 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 11.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 13.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table illustrates the changes in rental revenue, other property-related revenue, management fees and other revenue, property operating expenses, and other expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 37 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue 529,218 595,273 (66,055) Other property-related revenue 20,654 22,184 (1,530) Management fees and other revenue 30,345 25,194 5,151 Total revenue 580,217 642,651 (62,434) Property operating expenses 159,607 172,158 (12,551) General and administrative expenses 44,977 44,325 652 Depreciation and amortization 141,702 168,005 (26,303) Other 10,510 8,531 1,979 Total operating expenses 356,796 393,019 (36,223) Other (expense) income Interest expense (114,920) (120,706) 5,786 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (323) (758) 435 Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
 (10,791) 5,469 (16,260) Acquisition and integration costs (2,151) (1,424) (727) Non-operating income (expense) 352 (426) 778 Gain on sale of self storage properties 63,841 63,841 Other expense, net 
 (63,992) (117,845) 53,853 Income before income taxes 
 159,429 131,787 27,642 Income tax expense 
 (2,290) (2,855) 565 Net income 
 157,139 128,932 28,207 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (62,349) (41,290) (21,059) Net income attributable to National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 94,790 87,642 7,148 Distributions to preferred shareholders (15,332) (13,908) (1,424) Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 79,458 73,734 5,724 
 Total Revenue 
 Our total revenue, including management fees and other revenue, decreased by 62.4 million, or 9.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in total revenue was also attributable to a decrease in total portfolio average occupancy from 88.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 85.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Average occupancy is calculated based on the average of the month-end occupancy immediately preceding the period presented and the month-end occupancies included in the respective period presented. 
 
 38 

Rental Revenue 
 Rental revenue decreased by 66.1 million, or 11.1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in rental revenue was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot increased from 15.13, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 15.64, or 3.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, driven primarily by increased contractual lease rates for in-place tenants. 
 Other Property-Related Revenue 
 Other property-related revenue represents ancillary income from our self storage properties, such as tenant insurance-related fees and sales of storage supplies. Other property-related revenue decreased by 1.5 million, or 6.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease primarily resulted from a decrease in tenant insurance revenue due to the disposition of properties during the three months ended December 31, 2023 and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Management Fees and Other Revenue 
 Management fees and other revenue, which include revenue related to managing and operating the unconsolidated real estate ventures and other revenue from our tenant insurance programs, increased 5.2 million, or 20.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to increased property management and acquisition fees resulting from the 2023 Joint Venture and the 2024 Joint Venture and changes in our tenant insurance programs. 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 Property operating expenses decreased 12.6 million, or 7.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in property operating expenses was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased 0.7 million, or 1.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in personnel costs and increased equity compensation expense resulting from the accelerated vesting of awards related to executive severance. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased 26.3 million, or 15.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other 
 Other expenses increased 2.0 million, or 23.2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in administrative costs relating to our tenant insurance programs. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense decreased 5.8 million, or 4.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest expense was primarily attributable to a decrease in the amount of debt subject to variable interest rates (excluding variable-rate debt subject to interest rate swaps) outstanding from 942.0 million, as of September 30, 2023, to 186.8 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 39 

Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt decreased 0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the early repayment of Term Loan C, we expensed 0.3 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in connection with an amendment to our credit facility, two of the lenders that were included in the syndicated group of lenders prior to the amendment are no longer participating lenders following the amendment, which constitutes an extinguishment of debt for accounting purposes. Additionally, in connection with the amendment we retired two term loans prior to their contractual maturity. Loss on early extinguishment of debt includes costs incurred related to these extinguishments, and the write off of 0.4 million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the retired term loans or attributed to the entities no longer included in the lender syndicate. 
 Equity In (Losses) Earnings Of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures 
 Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents our share of earnings and losses incurred through our ownership interests in the 2024 Joint Venture, 2023 Joint Venture, 2018 Joint Venture and the 2016 Joint Venture. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 10.8 million of equity in losses from our unconsolidated real estate ventures compared to 5.5 million of earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the non-cash impact of applying HLBV to the 2024 Joint Venture, which allocates income (loss) based on the change in each owners' claim on net assets upon a hypothetical liquidation of the underlying joint venture at book value as of September 30, 2024. 
 Gain on Sale of Self Storage Properties 
 Gain on sale of self storage properties increased 63.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in gain on sale of self storage properties was primarily attributable to the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties and contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, for net proceeds of 616.8 million. 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 62.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 41.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 FFO and Core FFO 
 Funds from operations, or FFO, is a widely used performance measure for real estate companies and is provided here as a supplemental measure of our operating performance. The December 2018 Nareit Funds From Operations White Paper - 2018 Restatement defines FFO as net income (as determined under GAAP), excluding: real estate depreciation and amortization, gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control, mark-to-market changes in value recognized on equity securities, impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and impairment of investments in entities when it is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity, and after adjusting equity in earnings (losses) to reflect our share of FFO in unconsolidated real estate ventures. Distributions declared on subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units represent our allocation of FFO to noncontrolling interests held by subordinated performance unitholders and DownREIT subordinated performance unitholders. For purposes of calculating FFO attributable to common shareholders, OP unitholders, and LTIP unitholders, we exclude distributions declared on subordinated performance units, DownREIT subordinated performance units, preferred shares and preferred units. We define Core FFO as FFO, as further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. These further adjustments consist of acquisition costs, integration costs, executive severance costs, gains on debt forgiveness, gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt, casualty-related expenses, losses, and related recoveries and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 
 
 40 

Management uses FFO and Core FFO as key performance indicators in evaluating the operations of our properties. Given the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, we consider FFO and Core FFO as key supplemental measures of our operating performance that are not specifically defined by GAAP. We believe that FFO and Core FFO are useful to management and investors as a starting point in measuring our operational performance because FFO and Core FFO exclude various items included in net income (loss) that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance such as gains (or losses) from sales of self storage properties and depreciation, which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating performance more difficult. Our computation of FFO and Core FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies. 
 FFO and Core FFO should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP, such as total revenues, operating income and net income (loss). FFO and Core FFO do not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and are not a measure of liquidity or an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO and Core FFO should be compared with our reported net income (loss) and considered in addition to cash flows computed in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our consolidated financial statements. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to FFO and Core FFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands, except per share and unit amounts): 
 
 41 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 29,771 43,064 157,139 128,932 Add (subtract): Real estate depreciation and amortization 47,286 55,528 140,588 167,078 Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated real estate ventures 4,712 (1,930) 10,791 (5,469) Company's share of FFO in unconsolidated real estate ventures 6,164 6,217 18,026 18,542 Gain on sale of self storage properties (63,841) Distributions on preferred shares and units (5,568) (5,393) (16,704) (14,758) FFO attributable to subordinated performance units (1) 
 (12,068) (21,622) (36,164) FFO attributable to common shareholders, OP unitholders, and LTIP unitholders 
 82,365 85,418 224,377 258,161 Add (subtract): Acquisition costs 287 341 1,274 1,424 Integration and executive severance costs (2) 
 907 1,534 Casualty-related recoveries (3) 
 (522) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 323 323 758 Core FFO attributable to common shareholders, OP unitholders, and LTIP unitholders 
 83,882 85,759 227,508 259,821 Weighted average shares and units outstanding - FFO and Core FFO: (4) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 75,760 87,004 77,047 88,263 Weighted average restricted common shares outstanding 
 19 25 21 26 Weighted average OP units outstanding 
 52,740 38,030 42,709 38,504 Weighted average DownREIT OP unit equivalents outstanding 
 5,769 2,120 3,346 2,120 Weighted average LTIP units outstanding 
 663 562 676 545 Total weighted average shares and units outstanding - FFO and Core FFO 
 134,951 127,741 123,799 129,458 FFO per share and unit 0.61 0.67 1.81 1.99 Core FFO per share and unit 0.62 0.67 1.84 2.01 (1) Amounts represent distributions declared for subordinated performance unitholders and DownREIT subordinated performance unitholders for the periods presented. (2) Integration costs relate to expenses incurred as a part of the internalization of the PRO structure. Executive severance costs are recorded within the line items "General and administrative expenses" and "Non-operating (expense) income" in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (3) Casualty-related recoveries relate to casualty-related expenses incurred during 2022 and are recorded in the line item "Other" within operating expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (4) NSA combines OP units and DownREIT OP units with common shares because, after the applicable lock-out periods, OP units in the Company's operating partnership are redeemable for cash or, at NSA's option, exchangeable for common shares on a one-for-one basis and DownREIT OP units are also redeemable for cash or, at NSA's option, exchangeable for OP units in our operating partnership on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments in each case. All subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units were converted into OP units on July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure. See footnote (1) to the following table for additional discussion of subordinated performance units, DownREIT subordinated performance units, and LTIP units in the calculation of FFO and Core FFO per share and unit. 

42 

The following table presents a reconciliation of earnings per share - diluted to FFO and Core FFO per share and unit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Earnings per share - diluted 0.18 0.26 1.03 0.77 Impact of the difference in weighted average number of shares (1) 
 (0.08) 0.04 (0.39) 0.11 Impact of GAAP accounting for noncontrolling interests, two-class method and treasury stock method (2) 
 0.08 0.49 Add real estate depreciation and amortization 0.35 0.44 1.14 1.29 Add (subtract) equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated real estate ventures 0.03 (0.02) 0.08 (0.04) Add Company's share of FFO in unconsolidated real estate ventures 0.05 0.05 0.15 0.14 Subtract gain on sale of self storage properties (0.52) FFO attributable to subordinated performance unitholders 
 (0.10) (0.17) (0.28) FFO per share and unit 
 0.61 0.67 1.81 1.99 Add acquisition costs 
 0.01 0.01 Add integration and executive severance 0.01 0.02 Add loss on early extinguishment of debt 0.01 Core FFO per share and unit 
 0.62 0.67 1.84 2.01 
 (1) Adjustment accounts for the difference between the weighted average number of shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share and the weighted average number of shares used to calculate FFO and Core FFO per share and unit. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the two-class method for the company's restricted common shares and the treasury stock method for certain unvested LTIP units, and assumes the conversion of vested LTIP units into OP units on a one-for-one basis and the hypothetical conversion of subordinated performance units, and DownREIT subordinated performance units into OP units. All outstanding subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units were converted into OP units on July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure. The computation of weighted average shares and units for FFO and Core FFO per share and unit includes all restricted common shares and LTIP units that participate in distributions and excludes all subordinated performance units and DownREIT subordinated performance units because their effect has been accounted for through the allocation of FFO to the related unitholders based on distributions declared. 
 (2) Represents the effect of adjusting the numerator to consolidated net income (loss) prior to GAAP allocations for noncontrolling interests, after deducting preferred share and unit distributions, and before the application of the two-class method and treasury stock method, as described in footnote (1) . 

Net Operating Income 
 Net operating income, or NOI, represents rental revenue plus other property-related revenue less property operating expenses. NOI is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 We believe NOI is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because: 
 NOI is one of the primary measures used by our management to evaluate the economic productivity of our properties, including our ability to lease our properties, increase pricing and occupancy and control our property operating expenses; 
 NOI is widely used in the real estate industry and the self storage industry to measure the performance and value of real estate assets without regard to various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of operating performance, such as depreciation and amortization, which can vary depending upon accounting methods, the book value of assets, and the impact of our capital structure; and 
 
 43 

We believe NOI helps our investors to meaningfully compare the results of our operating performance from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense on our outstanding indebtedness) and depreciation of the cost basis of our assets from our operating results. 
 There are material limitations to using a non-GAAP measure such as NOI, including the difficulty associated with comparing results among more than one company and the inability to analyze certain significant items, including depreciation and interest expense, that directly affect our net income (loss). We compensate for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with our analysis of net income (loss). NOI should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP, such as total revenues and net income (loss). 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 As of September 30, 2024, our same store portfolio consisted of 776 self storage properties. Our same store portfolio is defined as those properties owned and operated since the first day of the earliest year presented, excluding any properties sold, expected to be sold or subject to significant changes such as expansions or casualty events which cause the portfolio's year-over-year operating results to no longer be comparable. The following table illustrates the changes in rental revenue, other property-related revenue, and property operating expenses, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue Same store portfolio 
 167,796 174,671 (6,875) Non-same store portfolio 
 6,671 27,162 (20,491) Total rental revenue 
 174,467 201,833 (27,366) Other property-related revenue Same store portfolio 
 7,012 6,540 472 Non-same store portfolio 
 393 1,224 (831) Total other property-related revenue 
 7,405 7,764 (359) Property operating expenses Same store portfolio 
 50,164 49,566 598 Non-same store portfolio 
 2,548 9,015 (6,467) Total property operating expenses 
 52,712 58,581 (5,869) Net operating income Same store portfolio 
 124,644 131,645 (7,001) Non-same store portfolio 
 4,516 19,371 (14,855) Total net operating income 
 129,160 151,016 (21,856) 
 Rental Revenue 
 Same store portfolio rental revenues decreased 6.9 million, or 3.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in same store portfolio rental revenue was driven by a decrease in average occupancy from 89.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 86.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Annualized same store portfolio rental revenue per occupied square feet decreased from 15.81 to 15.67, or 0.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, driven primarily by decreased lease rates for new tenants. 
 Other Property-Related Revenue 
 Same store portfolio other property-related revenue increased by 0.5 million, or 7.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 44 

Property Operating Expenses 
 Same store portfolio property operating expenses increased 0.6 million, or 1.2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in same store property operating expenses was primarily a result of increases in property tax and insurance expense. 
 For details regarding the changes in non-same store portfolio rental revenue, other property-related revenue, and property operating expenses, please refer to "Results of Operations" above. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 As of September 30, 2024, our same store portfolio consisted of 776 self storage properties. Our same store portfolio is defined as those properties owned and operated since the first day of the earliest year presented, excluding any properties sold, expected to be sold or subject to significant changes such as expansions or casualty events which cause the portfolio's year-over-year operating results to no longer be comparable. The following table illustrates the changes in rental revenue, other property-related revenue, and property operating expenses, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Rental revenue Same store portfolio 
 503,501 518,180 (14,679) Non-same store portfolio 
 25,717 77,093 (51,376) Total rental revenue 
 529,218 595,273 (66,055) Other property-related revenue Same store portfolio 
 19,360 18,802 558 Non-same store portfolio 
 1,294 3,382 (2,088) Total other property-related revenue 
 20,654 22,184 (1,530) Property operating expenses Same store portfolio 
 149,659 144,674 4,985 Non-same store portfolio 
 9,948 27,484 (17,536) Total property operating expenses 
 159,607 172,158 (12,551) Net operating income Same store portfolio 
 373,202 392,308 (19,106) Non-same store portfolio 
 17,063 52,991 (35,928) Total net operating income 
 390,265 445,299 (55,034) 
 Rental Revenue 
 Same store portfolio rental revenues decreased 14.7 million, or 2.8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in same store portfolio rental revenue was driven primarily by a decrease in average occupancy from 89.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 86.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Average annualized same store rental revenue per occupied square foot increased from 15.61 to 15.72, or 0.7 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, driven primarily by increased contractual lease rates for in-place tenants. 
 Other Property-Related Revenue 
 Same store portfolio other property-related revenue increased by 0.6 million, or 3.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 Same store portfolio property operating expenses increased 5.0 million, or 3.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in same store property operating expenses was primarily a result of increases in marketing and insurance costs. 
 
 45 

For details regarding the changes in non-same store portfolio rental revenue, other property-related revenue, and property operating expenses, please refer to "Results of Operations" above. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 29,771 43,064 157,139 128,932 (Subtract) Add: Management fee and other revenue (11,749) (9,550) (30,345) (25,194) General and administrative expenses 13,114 15,100 44,977 44,325 Other 3,643 4,138 10,510 8,531 Depreciation and amortization 47,661 55,842 141,702 168,005 Interest expense 39,575 43,065 114,920 120,706 Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated real estate venture 4,712 (1,930) 10,791 (5,469) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 323 323 758 Acquisition and integration costs 1,164 341 2,151 1,424 Income tax expense 863 922 2,290 2,855 Gain on sale of self storage properties (63,841) Non-operating expense (income) 83 24 (352) 426 Net Operating Income 
 129,160 151,016 390,265 445,299 
 Our consolidated NOI shown in the table above does not include our proportionate share of NOI for our unconsolidated real estate ventures. For additional information about our 2016 Joint Venture, 2018 Joint Venture, 2023 Joint Venture and 2024 Joint Venture see Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1. 
 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA as net income (loss), as determined under GAAP, plus interest expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense and the Company's share of unconsolidated real estate venture depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA plus acquisition costs, integration costs, executive severance costs, equity-based compensation expense, losses on sale of properties, impairment of long-lived assets and casualty-related expenses, losses and recoveries, minus gains on sale of properties and debt forgiveness, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, including the removal of the non-cash effect of applying hypothetical liquidation at book value (HLBV) for purposes of allocating GAAP net income (loss) for the 2024 Joint Venture. These further adjustments eliminate the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. In evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 
 We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are: 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures, contractual commitments or working capital needs; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; 
 
 46 

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes equity-based compensation expense, which is and will remain a key element of our overall long-term incentive compensation package, although we exclude it as an expense when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular period; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 We compensate for these limitations by considering the economic effect of the excluded expense items independently as well as in connection with our analysis of net income (loss). EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP, such as total revenues and net income (loss). 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 29,771 43,064 157,139 128,932 Add: Depreciation and amortization 47,661 55,842 141,702 168,005 Company's share of unconsolidated real estate ventures depreciation and amortization 5,418 4,287 15,110 13,073 Interest expense 39,575 43,065 114,920 120,706 Income tax expense 863 922 2,290 2,855 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 323 323 758 EBITDA 
 123,611 147,180 431,484 434,329 Add (subtract): Acquisition costs 287 341 1,274 1,424 Effect of hypothetical liquidation at book value (HLBV) accounting for unconsolidated 2024 Joint Venture (1) 
 5,458 13,707 Gain on sale of self storage properties (63,841) Integration and executive severance costs, excluding equity-based compensation (2) 
 877 1,100 Casualty-related recoveries (3) 
 (522) Equity-based compensation expense (4) 
 1,911 1,702 6,097 5,028 Adjusted EBITDA 
 132,144 149,223 389,821 440,259 
 (1) Reflects the non-cash impact of applying HLBV to the 2024 Joint Venture, which allocates GAAP income (loss) on a hypothetical liquidation of the underlying joint venture at book value as of the reporting date. 
 (2) Integration costs relate to expenses incurred as a part of the internalization of the PRO structure. Executive severance costs are recorded within the line items "General and administrative expenses" and "Non-operating (expense) income" in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (3) Casualty-related recoveries relate to casualty-related expenses incurred during 2022 and are recorded in the line item "Other" within operating expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (4) Equity-based compensation expense is a non-cash item that is included in general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

47 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity Overview 
 Liquidity is the ability to meet present and future financial obligations. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from our operations. Additional sources are proceeds from dispositions of self storage properties (including contributions to joint ventures), equity and debt offerings, debt financings including additional borrowing capacity under the credit facility, and expansion options available under the 2028 Term Loan Facility, the June 2029 Term Loan Facility, and our credit facility. 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of property operating expenses, property acquisitions, capital expenditures, general and administrative expenses and principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness. A further short-term liquidity requirement relates to distributions to our common and preferred shareholders and holders of preferred units, OP units, LTIP units and DownREIT OP units. We expect to fund short-term liquidity requirements from our operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our credit facility. 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of the repayment of debt, property acquisitions, and capital expenditures. We acquire properties through the use of cash, preferred units, and OP units in our operating partnership or DownREIT partnerships. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements with operating cash flow, cash on hand, secured and unsecured indebtedness, and the issuance of equity and debt securities. 
 The availability of credit and its related effect on the overall economy may affect our liquidity and future financing activities, both through changes in interest rates and access to financing. In 2022 and 2023, the Federal Reserve Board increased interest rates from historically low levels, until pausing increases in August 2023 and decreasing rates in September 2024. Although the Federal Reserve Board has signaled an intention to continue to reduce interest rates in 2024, there is no assurance that this will occur or that the Federal Reserve Board will not maintain or raise interest rates in the future. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms as well as to use cash from operations to continue to meet our liquidity needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, could be affected by various risks and uncertainties. We believe that, as a publicly-traded REIT, we will have access to multiple sources of capital to fund our long-term liquidity requirements, including the incurrence of additional debt and the issuance of debt and additional equity securities. However, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. 
 Cash Flows 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 69.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and 8.5 million of restricted cash, an increase in cash and cash equivalents of 4.9 million and a decrease in restricted cash of 14.2 million from December 31, 2023. Restricted cash primarily consists of escrowed funds deposited with financial institutions resulting from property sales for which we elected to purchase replacement property in accordance with Section 1031 of the Code, and for real estate taxes, insurance, and other reserves for capital improvements in accordance with our loan agreements. The following discussion relates to changes in cash due to operating, investing, and financing activities, which are presented in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows included in Item 1 of this report. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by our operating activities was 282.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 347.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 64.7 million. Our operating cash flow decreased primarily due to a decrease in rental revenue, partially offset by a decrease in property operating expenses driven by (i) the sale of 32 self storage properties to a third party in the three months ended December 31, 2023, (ii) the contribution of 56 self storage properties to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and (iii) the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 48 

Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 470.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 75.9 million of cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The primary sources of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were the 616.8 million of proceeds from the 56 self storage properties contributed to the 2024 Joint Venture in the three months ended March 31, 2024, and the sale of 40 self storage properties to third parties in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by our investment in the 2023 and 2024 Joint Venture of 74.2 million, 32.7 million in cash in connection with our acquisition of the PROs intangible assets related to the internalization of our PRO structure and our acquisition of three self storage properties for cash consideration of 25.1 million. 
 Capital expenditures totaled 13.0 million and 26.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We generally fund post-acquisition capital additions from cash provided by operating activities. 
 We categorize our capital expenditures broadly into three primary categories: 
 recurring capital expenditures, which represent the portion of capital expenditures that are deemed to replace the consumed portion of acquired capital assets and extend their useful life; 
 value enhancing capital expenditures, which represent the portion of capital expenditures that are made to enhance the revenue and value of an asset from its original purchase condition; and 
 acquisitions capital expenditures, which represent the portion of capital expenditures capitalized during the current period that were identified and underwritten prior to a property's acquisition. 
 A summary of the capital expenditures for these categories, along with a reconciliation of the total for these categories to the capital expenditures reported in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, are presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Recurring capital expenditures 9,187 11,298 Value enhancing capital expenditures 2,675 5,844 Acquisitions capital expenditures 1,611 8,072 Total capital expenditures 13,473 25,214 Change in accrued capital spending (468) 741 Capital expenditures per statement of cash flows 13,005 25,955 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in our financing activities was 763.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 253.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our primary uses of financing cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were for principal payments on existing debt of 1.3 billion (which included 723.2 million of principal repayments under the Revolver, 275.0 million repayment of Term Loan B, 325.0 million repayment of Term Loan C, 4.0 million of fixed rate mortgage repayments and 1.6 million of scheduled fixed rate mortgage principal amortization payments), common share repurchases of 275.2 million (inclusive of commissions and fees), payments of dividends to common shareholders of 128.3 million, distributions to noncontrolling interests of 100.9 million, and distributions to preferred shareholders of 15.3 million. Our sources of financing cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of 749.0 million of borrowings under our Revolver, 75.0 million from the issuance of the September 2028 Notes, 125.0 million from the issuance of the September 2031 Notes and 150.0 million from the issuance of the 2034 Notes. 
 
 49 

Credit Facility and Term Loan Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, our credit facility provided for total borrowings of 1.355 billion, consisting of the following components: (i) a Revolver which provides for a total borrowing commitment up to 950.0 million, whereby we may borrow, repay and re-borrow amounts under the Revolver, (ii) a 275.0 million Term Loan D and (iii) a 130.0 million Term Loan E. The Revolver is set to mature in January 2027; provided that we may elect up to two times to extend the maturity by six months each up to January 2028 by paying an extension fee for each such election of 0.0625 of the total borrowing commitment thereunder at the time of extension and meeting other customary conditions with respect to compliance. Term Loan B matured in July 2024 and Term Loan C was repaid in September 2024. Term Loan D matures in July 2026 and the Term Loan E matures in March 2027. The Revolver, Term Loan D and Term Loan E are not subject to any scheduled reduction or amortization payments prior to maturity. As of September 30, 2024, we have an expansion option under the credit facility, which, if exercised in full, would provide for a total credit facility of 1.900 billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 275.0 million was outstanding under the Term Loan D with an effective interest rate of 3.96 and 130.0 million was outstanding under the Term Loan E with an effective interest rate of 4.91 . As of September 30, 2024, we would have had the capacity to borrow remaining Revolver commitments of 536.7 million while remaining in compliance with the credit facility's financial covenants. 
 We have a 2028 Term Loan Facility that matures in December 2028 and is separate from the credit facility in an aggregate amount of 75.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the entire amount was outstanding under the 2028 Term Loan Facility with an effective interest rate of 4.62 . We have an expansion option under the 2028 Term Loan Facility, which, if exercised in full, would provide for total borrowings in an aggregate amount up to 125.0 million. 
 We have an April 2029 Term Loan Facility that matures in April 2029 and is separate from the credit facility and 2028 Term Loan Facility in an aggregate amount of 100.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the entire amount was outstanding under the April 2029 Term Loan Facility with an effective interest rate of 4.27 . 
 We have a June 2029 Term Loan Facility that matures in June 2029 and is separate from the credit facility, 2028 Term Loan Facility, and April 2029 Term Loan Facility in an aggregate amount of 285.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, the June 2029 Term Loan Facility had an effective interest rate of 5.37 . We have an expansion option under the June 2029 Term Loan Facility, which, if exercised in full, would provide for total borrowings in an aggregate amount up to 300.0 million. 
 2029 and August 2031 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On August 30, 2019, our operating partnership issued 100.0 million of 3.98 senior unsecured notes due August 30, 2029 and 50.0 million of 4.08 senior unsecured notes due August 30, 2031 in a private placement to certain institutional investors. 
 August 2030 and August 2032 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On October 22, 2020, our operating partnership issued 150.0 million of 2.99 senior unsecured notes due August 5, 2030 and 100.0 million of 3.09 senior unsecured notes due August 5, 2032 in a private placement to certain institutional investors. 
 May 2026, May 2031 and May 2033 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On May 26, 2021, our operating partnership issued 55.0 million of 3.10 senior unsecured notes due May 4, 2033. On July 26, 2021, our operating partnership issued 35.0 million of 2.16 senior unsecured notes due May 4, 2026 and 90.0 million of 3.00 senior unsecured notes due May 4, 2031. 
 November 2030, November 2031, November 2033, and 2036 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On December 14, 2021, our operating partnership issued 75.0 million of 2.72 senior unsecured notes due November 30, 2030, 175.0 million of 2.81 senior unsecured notes due November 30, 2031 and 75.0 million of 3.06 senior unsecured notes due November 30, 2036. On January 28, 2022, our operating partnership issued 125.0 million of 2.96 senior unsecured notes due November 30, 2033. 
 
 50 

November 2032 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On September 28, 2022, our operating partnership issued 200.0 million of 5.06 senior unsecured notes due November 16, 2032. 
 July 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On April 27, 2023, our operating partnership issued 120.0 million of 5.61 senior unsecured notes due July 5, 2028 in a private placement to certain institutional investors. The July 2028 Notes have an effective interest rate of 5.75 after taking into account the effect of interest rate swaps. 
 October 2026, October 2028, October 2030 and October 2033 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On October 5, 2023, our operating partnership issued 65.0 million of 6.46 senior unsecured notes due October 5, 2026, 100.0 million of 6.55 senior unsecured notes due October 5, 2028, 35.0 million of 6.66 senior unsecured notes due October 5, 2030 and 50.0 million of 6.73 senior unsecured notes due October 5, 2033 in a private placement to certain institutional investors. 
 September 2028, September 2031 and 2034 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 On September 5, 2024, our operating partnership issued 75.0 million of 5.40 senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2028, 125.0 million of 5.55 senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2031, and 150.0 million of 5.74 senior unsecured notes due September 5, 2034 in a private placement to certain institutional investors. 
 Equity Transactions 
 Issuance of Common Shares 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, after receiving notices of redemption from certain OP unitholders, we elected to issue 1,326,914 common shares to such holders in exchange for 1,326,914 OP units in satisfaction of the operating partnership's redemption obligations. 
 Common Share Repurchases 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 7,400,322 common shares for approximately 275.2 million (inclusive of commissions and fees). 
 Issuance and Redemption of OP Equity 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued (i) 14,376,264 OP units upon the conversion of 7,772,693 subordinated performance units due to the internalization of the PRO structure, (ii) 1,548,866 OP units in connection with the purchase of the PROs' intangible assets, (iii) 43,556 OP units upon the conversion of 23,690 subordinated performance units, (iv) and 92,174 OP units upon the conversion of an equivalent number of LTIP units. In addition, we redeemed 28,017 OP units, 194,888 subordinated performance units for cash and 6,665 Series A-1 preferred units for an equivalent number of Series A Preferred Shares. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 3,608,523 DownREIT OP units upon the conversion of 4,133,474 DownREIT subordinated performance units due to the internalization of the PRO structure and 40,200 DownREIT OP units that were issued in exchange for OP units. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 On August 15, 2024, our board of trustees declared a cash dividend and distribution, respectively, of 0.56 per common share and OP unit to shareholders and OP unitholders of record as of September 13, 2024. On August 15, 2024, our board of trustees also declared cash distributions of 0.375 per Series A Preferred Share, Series B Preferred Share and Series A-1 preferred unit to shareholders and unitholders of record as of September 13, 2024. 
 
 51 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, as of September 30, 2024, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, as of September 30, 2024, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities, nor made any commitments to provide funding to any such entities, that creates any material exposure to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk. 
 Seasonality 
 The self storage business is subject to minor seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are generally realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has typically been in July, while our lowest level of occupancy has typically been in February. Results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our future income, cash flows, and fair values of financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors beyond our control. We use interest rate swaps to moderate our exposure to interest rate risk by effectively converting the interest on variable rate debt to a fixed rate. We make limited use of other derivative financial instruments and we do not use them for trading or other speculative purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 186.8 million of debt subject to variable interest rates (excluding variable-rate debt subject to interest rate swaps). If our reference rates (SOFR) were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest expense on the variable-rate debt (excluding variable-rate debt subject to interest rate swaps) would decrease or increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately 1.9 million annually. 
 Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, are effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 52 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently subject to any legal proceedings that we consider to be material. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC under the heading Item 1A. "Risk Factors" beginning on page 17, which is accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company, in its capacity as general partner of its operating partnership, caused the operating partnership to issue 1,048,202 common shares to satisfy redemption requests from certain limited partners. 
 On July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure as described above in this Form 10-Q, the operating partnership issued 1,548,866 OP Units to the PROs as consideration for the purchase of the PROs' intangible assets. 
 On July 1, 2024, in connection with the internalization of the PRO structure as described above in this Form 10-Q, 11,906,167 subordinated performance units (including all DownREIT subordinated performance units) were converted into 17,984,787 OP units and DownREIT OP units. 
 Following a specified lock up period after the date of issuance set forth above, the OP units issued by the operating partnership may be redeemed from time to time by holders for a cash amount per OP unit equal to the market value of an equivalent number of common shares. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to assume and satisfy the redemption obligation of the operating partnership described above by issuing one common share in exchange for each OP unit tendered for redemption. 
 The Company has elected to report early the private placement of its common shares that may occur if the Company elects to assume the redemption obligation of the operating partnership as described above in the event that OP units are in the future tendered for redemption. 
 As of October 28, 2024, other than those OP units held by the Company, after reflecting the transactions described herein, 58,914,586 OP units were outstanding (including 871,576 outstanding LTIP units in the operating partnership and 5,769,214 outstanding DownREIT OP units, which are convertible into, or exchangeable for, OP units on a one-for-basis, subject to certain conditions). 
 These issuances were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 53 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 400.0 million of the Company's common shares, under which 256,892 of common shares remain available for repurchase. On December 1, 2023, the Company approved a new share repurchase program authorizing, but not obligating, the repurchase of up to an additional 275.0 million of the Company's common shares, under which no common shares remain available for repurchase. The table below summarizes all of our repurchases of common shares during three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs July 1 - July 31, 2024 256,892 August 1 - August 31, 2024 256,892 September 1 - September 30, 2024 256,892 Total/Weighted Average 
 256,892 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 54 

ITEM 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed with this report: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 5, 2015, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.3 to the Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on October 10, 2017, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.4 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.4 to the Form S-3ASR, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2018, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2019, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.6 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series A Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 19, 2021, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 3.7 
 Articles Supplementary designating the Series B Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Share Certificate of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11/A filed with the SEC on April 20, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 
 Form of Specimen Certificate of Series A Preferred Shares of National Storage Affiliates Trust (Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on October 10, 2017, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 4.3 
 Description of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 6.000 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest and 6.000 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares of Beneficial Interest (Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, is incorporated herein by this reference) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. 
 
 55 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 56 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 National Storage Affiliates Trust By: /s/ DAVID G. CRAMER David G. Cramer president and chief executive officer (principal executive officer) By: /s/ BRANDON S. TOGASHI Brandon S. Togashi chief financial officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 
 Date: October 31, 2024 
 
 57 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311ceocertificationq324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David G. Cramer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 By s David G. Cramer David G. Cramer President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312cfocertificationq324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Brandon S. Togashi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of National Storage Affiliates Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 By s Brandon S. Togashi Brandon S. Togashi Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32118uscceoandcfocertifi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certification, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of National Storage Affiliates Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David G. Cramer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Brandon S. Togashi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 31, 2024 
 
 By s David G. Cramer David G. Cramer President and Chief Executive Officer 
 By s Brandon S. Togashi Brandon S. Togashi Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nsa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nsa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nsa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nsa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nsa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

