<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1821825_0001821825-24-000108.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8661582</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89683</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1299200</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3388162</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1941686</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1746421</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001821825-24-000108.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101080635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001821825-24-000108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Organon & Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001821825
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				464838035
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40235
		FILM NUMBER:		241417125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		FL 33
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		551-430-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON STREET
		STREET 2:		FL 33
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001821825-24-000108.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 ogn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ogn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________ 
 Form 
 ________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on October 25, 2024: 

Table of Contents 
 Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 32 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 33 
 Signatures 

The following notations in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have the meanings as set forth below: 
 
 1 Indicates, in this Form 10-Q for Quarter Ending September 30, 2024, brand names of products, that are not available in the United States. 
 
 2 Indicates, in this Form 10-Q for Quarter Ending September 30, 2024, brand names of products, which are trademarks not owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. Humira is a trademark registered in the United States in the name of AbbVie Biotechnology Ltd.; Enbrel is a trademark registered in the United States in the name of Immunex Corporation; Remicade is a trademark registered in the United States in the name of Janssen Biotech, Inc.; Herceptin is a trademark registered in the United States in the name of Genentech, Inc.; Xgeva and Prolia are trademarks registered in the United States in the name of Amgen Inc.; Emgality is a trademark registered in the United States in the name of Eli Lilly and Company (used under license); and Rayvow is a registered trademark of Eli Lilly in the European Union and other countries (used under license). Brand names of products that are in all italicized letters, without the footnote, are trademarks of, or are otherwise licensed by, Organon and/or one of its subsidiaries. 
 -2- 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Organon Co. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited, in millions except shares in thousands and per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Research and development Acquired in-process research and development and milestones Restructuring costs Interest expense Exchange losses Other expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -3- 

Table of Contents 

 Organon Co. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Taxes: 
 Benefit plan net (loss) gain and prior service credit, net of amortization 
 ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -4- 

Table of Contents 

 Organon Co. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited, in millions except shares in thousands and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of in 
 2024 and in 2023) 
 Inventories (excludes inventories of in 2024 and in 2023 classified in Other assets) 
 Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Trade accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent liabilities Total Liabilities Contingencies (Note 15) par value 
 Authorized - 
 Issued and outstanding - in 2024 and in 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -5- 

Table of Contents 

 Organon Co. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (Unaudited, in millions, except shares in thousands and per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings and (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 (Loss) 
 Total Shares Par Value Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans and other Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans and other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans and other Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans and other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -6- 

Table of Contents 

 Organon Co. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited, in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Acquired in-process research and development and milestones Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
 ) Stock-based compensation Unrealized foreign exchange (gain) loss 
 ) Other Net changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Other Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Acquired in-process research and development and milestones ) ) Purchase of product rights and asset acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Net Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) ) Payment of long-term debt issuance costs ) Employee withholding taxes related to stock-based awards ) ) Dividend payments ) ) Net Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities ) ) Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 -7- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

1. 
 
 medicines and products across a range of therapeutic areas. The Company sells these products through various channels including drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. The Company operates manufacturing facilities, which are located in Belgium, Brazil, Indonesia, Mexico, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Unless otherwise indicated, trademarks appearing in italics throughout this document are trademarks of, or are used under license by, the Organon group of companies. 
 
 The Company s operations include the following product portfolios: 
 
 Women s Health : Organon s women s health products are sold by prescription primarily in two therapeutic areas, contraception, with key brands such as Nexplanon (etonogestrel implant) (sold as Implanon NXT in some countries outside the United States) and NuvaRing (etonogestrel / ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring), and fertility, with key brands such as Follistim AQ (follitropin beta injection) (marketed in most countries outside the United States as Puregon ). Nexplanon is a long-acting reversible contraceptive, which is a class of contraceptives that is recognized as one of the most effective types of hormonal contraception available to patients with a low long-term average cost. Other women s health products include the Jada System, which is intended to provide control and treatment of abnormal postpartum uterine bleeding or hemorrhage when conservative management is warranted, and a license from Dar Biosciences for the global commercial rights to Xaciato (clindamycin phosphate vaginal gel, 2 ), an FDA-approved medication for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis BV in females 12 years of age and older. In October 2023, Xaciato was launched in the United States. 
 
 Biosimilars : Organon s current portfolio spans across immunology and oncology treatments. Organon s oncology biosimilars, Ontruzant (trastuzumab-dttb) and Aybintio TM 1 (bevacizumab), have been launched in more than countries, Organon s immunology biosimilars, Brenzys TM 1 (etanercept), Renflexi s (infliximab-abda) and Hadlima (adalimumab-bwwd), have been launched in countries. All biosimilars in Organon s portfolio have launched in Canada, and biosimilars, Ontruzant , Renflexis and Hadlima have launched in the United States. 
 
 Established Brands : Organon has a portfolio of established brands, which generally are beyond market exclusivity, including leading brands in cardiovascular, respiratory, dermatology and non-opioid pain management. A number of Organon s established brands lost exclusivity years ago and have faced generic competition for some time. 

2. 

-8- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

3. 
 
 million of which million will be paid in the fourth quarter of 2024 and million is payable upon Organon obtaining the manufacturing license, which are refundable if the regulatory approval is not obtained or marketing authorization cannot be transferred, and additional regulatory and sales-based milestones of up to million. Organon will recognize regulatory and sales-based milestones when the achievement is probable. 
 
 Eli Lilly Lilly 
 
 In December 2023, Organon announced an agreement with Lilly to become the sole distributor and promoter of the migraine medicines Emgality (galcanezumab) and Rayvow (lasmiditan) in Europe. Lilly will remain the marketing authorization holder and will manufacture the products for sale. Under the terms of the agreement, Organon paid an upfront payment of million upon closing of the transaction in January 2024, and recognized sales-based milestones when the achievement was deemed probable. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized an intangible asset of million, comprised of the million upfront payment and million of sales-based milestones that were deemed probable. The intangible asset will be amortized over years. 
 
 In August of 2024, Organon expanded its agreement with Lilly to become the sole distributor and promoter for Emgality in the following additional markets: Canada, Colombia, Israel, South Korea, Kuwait, Mexico, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, Turkey 
 -9- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 million for the expansion of territory upon closing of the transaction in August 2024, and recognize sales-based milestones when the achievement is probable. As of September 30, 2024, Organon recognized an additional intangible asset of million, comprised of the million upfront payment and million related to the sales-based milestones that were deemed probable. The intangible asset will be amortized over years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Organon had accrued million in Accrued and Other current liabilities and million in Other noncurrent liabilities in total related to the probable sales-based milestones. 
 
 Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. Henlius 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 research and development milestones related to the Henlius agreement were determined to be probable of being achieved and the Company expensed million and million, respectively, in Acquired in-process research and development and milestones expense related to the development of HLX11, an investigational biosimilar of Perjeta (pertuzumab), and HLX14, an investigational biosimilar of Prolia 2 and Xgeva 2 (denosumab). As of September 30, 2024, million of the Acquired in-process research and development and milestones has been paid. On May 24, 2024, the European Medicines Agency validated the marketing authorization applications for HLX14. On October 30, 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration accepted the biologic license application for HLX14. 
 
 Cirqle Biomedical Cirqle 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, research and development milestones related to the Cirqle agreement were determined to be probable of being achieved and the Company expensed and paid million in Acquired in-process research and development and milestones expense. 

4. 
 
 Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Stock awards and equity units (share equivalent) Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding EPS: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive shares excluded from the calculation of EPS 

-10- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 5. 
 
 operating segment engaged in developing and delivering innovative health solutions through its portfolio of prescription therapies and medical devices within women s health, biosimilars and established brands. 
 
 Follistim AQ NuvaRing (1) 
 Ganirelix Acetate Injection 
 Marvelon/Mercilon 
 Jada Other Women s Health 1) (2) 
 Biosimilars Renflexis Ontruzant Brenzys Aybintio Hadlima Established Brands Cardiovascular Zetia (1) 
 Vytorin Atozet Rosuzet Cozaar/Hyzaar Other Cardiovascular (1) (2) 
 Respiratory Singulair Nasonex (1) 
 Dulera Clarinex Other Respiratory (1) (2) 
 Non-Opioid Pain, Bone and Dermatology Arcoxia Fosamax Diprospan Other Non-Opioid Pain, Bone and Dermatology (2) 
 Other Emgality/Rayvow 
 Proscar Propecia Other (2) 
 Other (3) 
 ) ) Revenues 
 Totals may not foot due to rounding. Trademarks appearing above in italics are trademarks of, or are used under license by, the Organon group of companies. 
 
 (1) Sales of the authorized generic versions of NuvaRing, Zetia and Nasonex were previously included in other and have been reclassified to their respective brand name product. 
 (2) Includes sales of products not listed separately. 
 (3) Includes manufacturing sales to third parties. 
 
 -11- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 United States Asia Pacific and Japan China Latin America, Middle East, Russia, and Africa 
 Other (1) 
 Revenues 
 (1) Primarily reflects manufacturing sales to third parties. 

6. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Total Income tax benefits 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected life (years) 
 
 -12- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 Granted/Issued 
 Vested/Exercised ) ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) ) ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

RSUs 
 PSUs 

The amount of unrecognized compensation costs as of September 30, 2024 was million, which will be recognized in operating expense ratably over the weighted average vesting period of years. 

7. 
 
 by the end of 2024. Organon expects the remaining severance payments associated with the restructuring activities to be paid by the end of 2024. 
 
 Severance severance related costs Cash payments and other ) ) Ending Balance 

8. and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These effective income tax rates reflect the beneficial impact of foreign earnings, offset by the impact of U.S. inclusions under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income regime and a partial valuation allowance recorded against non-deductible U.S. interest expense. There was a favorable impact to the 2024 year-to-date effective tax rate, which was driven by the favorable closure of the two non-US tax audits and a return to provision adjustment for the Switzerland entity. 
 
 -13- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 million related valuation allowance. 

9. 
 
 Raw materials 
 Work in process Supplies Total (approximates current cost) Decrease to last in, first out LIFO costs 
 ) Recognized as: Inventories Other assets Inventories valued under the LIFO method 

10. 
 
 bps term loan due 2031 (1) 
 EURIBOR plus bps euro-denominated term loan due 2028 million in 2024 and million in 2023) 
 secured notes due 2028 
 euro-denominated secured notes due 2028 billion) 
 notes due 2031 
 secured notes due 2034 
 notes due 2034 
 Other borrowings Other (discounts and debt issuance costs) ) ) Total principal long-term debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt Total Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 (1) Prior to entering into Amendment No. 2 to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement on May 17, 2024, the maturity date was 2028. 
 -14- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

million of senior secured notes due 2034 (the 2034 Secured Notes and million of senior unsecured notes due 2034 (the 2034 Unsecured Notes and, together with the Secured Notes the 2034 Notes ). Each series of notes is guaranteed by each of the entities that guarantees the Companies existing senior secured credit facilities (the Credit Facilities ). Organon used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2034 Notes to repay a portion of its borrowings under the Credit Facilities U.S. dollar-denominated tranche B term loan and to pay the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 On May 17, 2024, Organon entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Senior Secured Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 which, among other things, (i) extended the maturity of the U.S. Dollar Term Loan B Facility to May 17, 2031, (ii) extended the maturity of the revolving credit loans made under the senior secured credit facility (the Revolving Facility to December 2, 2027, (iii) increased the maximum amount of the Revolving Facility by million and decreased the commitment fee payable in respect of the Revolving Facility to , (iv) removed the credit spread adjustment applicable to SOFR loans, and (v) reduced the interest rate in respect of the remaining billion of loans under the U.S. Dollar Term Loan B Facility from Term SOFR plus to Term SOFR plus . 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company borrowed million on the Revolving Facility and subsequently repaid the amount on June 17, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 there were outstanding balances under the Revolving Facility. In October 2024, the Company borrowed million on the Revolving Facility. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded approximately million of deferred debt issuance costs and discounts related to the 2034 Notes and Amendment No. 2. Debt issuance costs and discounts are presented as a reduction of debt on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized as a component of interest expense over the term on the related debt using the effective interest method. 

Fair value was estimated using inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability and would be considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Company made interest payments related to its debt instruments of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The average maturity of the Company s long-term debt as of September 30, 2024 is approximately years and the weighted-average interest rate on total borrowings as of September 30, 2024 is . 
 
 On June 26, 2024, the Company made a discretionary prepayment of million on the U.S. Dollar-denominated term loan. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 -15- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

11. 
 
 billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The cash flows and the related gains and losses from these contracts are reported as operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 
 Euro-denominated debt instruments 
 
 Foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of economic hedges on foreign currency balances. million of the euro-denominated term loan and billion of the euro-denominated secured notes have been designated and are effective as a hedge of the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries. See Note 10 Long-Term Debt for additional details. 
 
 Cross-Currency Swaps 
 
 In conjunction with the issuance of the 2034 Notes, the Company entered into cross-currency swaps that mature in 2029. The Company elected to designate the fixed-for-fixed swaps as a hedge of the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries balance and the change in the fair value attributable to the changes in the spot rate will be recorded in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Taxes. Throughout the term of the swaps, the Company will pay a fixed interest rate of based on the Euro notional amount of million and receive a fixed interest rate of based on the U.S. dollar notional amount of billion. The notional amount based on the Euro leg of the cross-currency swaps has been designated and is effective as a hedge of the net investment in euro-denominated subsidiaries. The difference between the interest rate received and paid under the cross-currency swap agreements is recorded in Interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The cash flows and the related gains and losses from the periodic settlements of the cross-currency swaps are reported as Operating Activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 -16- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 Forward contracts in Accrued and other current liabilities 
 2 Cross-currency swap in Other noncurrent liabilities 
 2 ) Cross-currency swaps loss 
 ) ) 
 
 ) ) Derivative gain in Interest expense 
 ) ) 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 Organon has established accounts receivable factoring agreements with financial institutions in certain countries to sell accounts receivable. Under these agreements, Organon factored million and million of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which reduced outstanding accounts receivable. The cash received from the financial institutions is reported within Operating Activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 -17- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 12. 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss, pretax ) ) Tax Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023, net of taxes ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024, net of taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, pretax 
 ) Tax Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2024, net of taxes ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2023, net of taxes ) ) Other comprehensive loss, pretax ) ) ) Tax Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023, net of taxes ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024, net of taxes ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, pretax 
 ) ) Tax Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024, net of taxes ) ) ) 

13. 
 
 years from each product's launch date on a market-by-market basis. Gross profits are shared equally in all markets with the exception of certain markets in Brazil where gross profits are shared to Samsung Bioepis and to the Company. Since the Company is the principal on sales transactions with third parties, the Company recognizes sales, cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses on a gross basis. Generally, profit sharing adjustments are recorded either to Cost of sales (after commercialization) or Selling, general and administrative expenses (prior to commercialization). 
 
 Samsung Bioepis is eligible for additional payments associated with pre-specified clinical and regulatory milestones. As of September 30, 2024, potential future regulatory milestone payments of million remain under the agreement. 
 
 -18- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative 
 
 in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Receivables from Samsung included in Other current assets 
 Payables to Samsung included in Trade accounts payable 

14. 
 
 Due to Merck in Accounts payable 

Sales and cost of sales resulting from the manufacturing and supply agreements with Merck were: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales Cost of sales 

15. 

-19- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 cases comprising the Fosamax Litigation are pending against Merck in either federal or state court. Plaintiffs in the vast majority of these cases generally allege that they sustained femur fractures and/or other bone injuries Femur Fractures in association with the use of Fosamax . 
 
 All federal cases involving allegations of Femur Fractures have been or will be transferred to a multidistrict litigation in the District of New Jersey Femur Fracture MDL ). In the only bellwether case tried to date in the Femur Fracture MDL, Glynn v. Merck , the jury returned a verdict in Merck s favor. In addition, in June 2013, the Femur Fracture MDL court granted Merck s motion for judgment as a matter of law in the Glynn case and held that the plaintiff s failure to warn claim was preempted by federal law. 
 
 In August 2013, the Femur Fracture MDL court entered an order requiring plaintiffs in the Femur Fracture MDL to show cause why those cases asserting claims for a femur fracture injury that took place prior to September 14, 2010, should not be dismissed based on the court s preemption decision in the Glynn case. Pursuant to the show cause order, in March 2014, the Femur Fracture MDL court dismissed with prejudice approximately cases on preemption grounds. Plaintiffs in approximately of those cases appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit Third Circuit ). In March 2017, the Third Circuit issued a decision reversing the Femur Fracture MDL court s preemption ruling and remanding the appealed cases back to the Femur Fracture MDL court. In May 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court decided that the Third Circuit had incorrectly concluded that the issue of preemption should be resolved by a jury, and accordingly vacated the judgment of the Third Circuit and remanded the proceedings back to the Third Circuit to address the issue in a manner consistent with the Supreme Court s opinion. In November 2019, the Third Circuit remanded the cases back to the District Court in order to allow that court to determine in the first instance whether the plaintiffs state law claims are preempted by federal law under the standards described by the Supreme Court in its opinion. On March 23, 2022, the District Court granted Merck s motion and ruled that plaintiffs failure to warn claims are preempted as a matter of law to the extent they assert that Merck should have added a Warning or Precaution regarding atypical femur fractures prior to October 2010. On July 11, 2022, the District Court entered an Order to Show Cause as to why the Court should not dismiss either with prejudice or conditionally all of plaintiffs claims that are not dependent on the preempted failure to warn claims. On November 18, 2022, as a result of the Order to Show Cause, the District Court entered a Final Judgment resulting in the dismissal with prejudice of all plaintiffs in the MDL. On December 16, 2022, those plaintiffs filed their Notice of Appeal to the Third Circuit challenging the District Court s preemption ruling. of the cases previously pending in the Femur Fracture MDL have either been dismissed or are on appeal to the Third Circuit. Plaintiff s motion to remand one case back to its transferor court is pending. On September 20, 2024, the Third Circuit issued an Opinion finding that plaintiffs failure to warn claims were not preempted and remanded all cases back to the District Court for further proceedings. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, approximately cases alleging Femur Fractures have been filed in New Jersey state court and are pending in Middlesex County. The parties selected an initial group of cases to be reviewed through fact discovery, and Merck continues to select additional cases to be reviewed. 
 
 -20- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 cases alleging Femur Fractures have been filed and are pending in California state court. All of the Femur Fracture cases filed in California state court have been consolidated before a single judge in Orange County, California. 
 
 Additionally, there are Femur Fracture cases pending in other state courts. 
 
 Discovery is presently stayed in the Femur Fracture MDL and in the state court in California. 
 
 Nexplanon/Implanon 
 
 Merck is a defendant in lawsuits brought by individuals relating to the use of Nexplanon and Implanon (etonogestrel implant). There are filed product liability actions involving Implanon , both of which are pending in the Northern District of Ohio as well as unfiled cases involving Implanon alleging similar injuries, all of which have been tolled under a written tolling agreement. As of September 30, 2024, Merck had cases pending outside the United States, of which relate to Implanon and relate to Nexplanon . 
 
 Governmental Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, Organon s subsidiaries may receive inquiries and may be the subject of preliminary investigation activities from competition and/or other governmental authorities, including in markets outside the United States. These authorities may include regulators, administrative authorities, and law enforcement and other similar officials, and these preliminary investigation activities may include site visits, formal or informal requests or demands for documents or materials, inquiries or interviews and similar matters. Certain of these preliminary inquiries or activities may lead to the commencement of formal proceedings. Should those proceedings be determined adversely to Organon, monetary fines and/or remedial undertakings may be required. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, Organon assumed liability for all pending and threatened legal matters related to products transferred from Merck to Organon in connection with the spinoff, including competition investigations resulting from enforcement activity concerning Merck s conduct involving Organon s products. Organon could be obligated to indemnify Merck for fines or penalties, or a portion thereof, resulting from such investigations. 
 
 Patent Litigation 
 
 From time to time, generic manufacturers of pharmaceutical products file Abbreviated New Drug Applications with the FDA seeking to market generic forms of Organon s products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned by Organon. To protect its patent rights, Organon may file patent infringement lawsuits against such generic companies. Similar lawsuits defending Organon s patent rights may exist in other countries. Organon intends to vigorously defend its patents, which it believes are valid, against infringement by companies attempting to market products prior to the expiration of such patents. As with any litigation, there can be no assurance of the outcomes, which, if adverse, could result in significantly shortened periods of exclusivity for these products, potential payment of damages and legal fees, and, with respect to products acquired through acquisitions, potentially significant intangible asset impairment charges. 
 
 Nexplanon 
 
 In June 2017, Microspherix LLC Microspherix sued Organon in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey asserting that the manufacturing, use, sale and importation of Nexplanon infringed several of Microspherix s patents that claim radio-opaque, implantable drug delivery devices. Microspherix claimed damages from September 2014 until the patents expired in May 2021. In December 2023, the parties executed a settlement agreement and the district court dismissed the case. Organon made its first payment of million in December 2023, its second payment of million in August 2024, and has reserved million to cover the remainder of the settlement. 
 
 Other Litigation 
 
 In addition to the matters described above, there are various other pending legal proceedings involving Organon, principally product liability and intellectual property lawsuits. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of such proceedings, in the opinion of Organon as of September 30, 2024, either the likelihood of loss is remote or any reasonably possible loss associated with the resolution of such proceedings is not expected to be material to Organon s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 -21- 

Table of Contents 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, and represented Organon s best estimate of the minimum amount of defense costs to be incurred in connection with its outstanding litigation; however, events such as additional trials and other events that could arise in the course of its litigation could affect the ultimate amount of legal defense costs to be incurred by Organon. Organon will continue to monitor its legal defense costs and review the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if, based upon the factors set forth, it believes it would be appropriate to do so. 

16. 
 
 million and a million milestone payment upon regulatory approval, as well as payments of up to million for the achievements of certain commercial milestones, tiered royalties on net sales, and the assumption of liabilities, including certain debt obligations, which would be accounted for at fair value on the acquisition date. Organon incurred costs associated with the transaction of approximately million recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Oss Biotech Site 
 
 million, of which million will be paid upon closing in the third quarter of 2025 and the remaining million will be paid in the first half of 2026. 
 -22- 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 Some statements and disclosures in this document are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts and can be identified by the use of words such as may, believe, will, expect, project, estimate, anticipate, plan, forecast, intend, would, seek, continue, and other words of similar meaning, or negative variations of any of the foregoing. These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans and expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our plans and expectations, including actual results, to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results include, but are not limited to, pricing pressures globally, including rules and practices of managed care groups, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and health care reform, pharmaceutical reimbursement and pricing in general; an inability to fully execute on our product development and commercialization plans in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere internationally; an inability to adapt to the industry-wide trend toward highly discounted channels; difficulties implementing or executing on our acquisition strategy, difficulties integrating such acquisitions (including our recent acquisition of Dermavant) or any other failure to recognize the benefits of such acquisitions; changes in tax laws or other tax guidance which could adversely affect our cash tax liability, effective tax rates, and results of operations and lead to greater audit scrutiny; expanded brand and class competition in the markets in which Organon Co. Organon, the Company, we, our, or us operates; global tensions, which may result in disruptions in the broader global economic environment; governmental initiatives that adversely impact our marketing activities, particularly in China; volatility in our stock price; political and social pressures, or regulatory developments, that adversely impact demand for, availability of, or patient access to contraception or fertility products; recent Supreme Court decisions and other developments impacting regulatory agencies and their rule making, including related financial market reactions, tax planning and international trade practices; difficulties with performance of third parties we rely on for our business growth; the failure of any supplier to provide substances, materials, or services as agreed; the increased cost of supply, manufacturing, packaging, and operations; difficulties developing and sustaining relationships with commercial counterparties; competition from generic products as our products lose patent protection; any failure by us to obtain an additional period of market exclusivity in the United States for Nexplanon subsequent to the expiration of certain current patents in 2027; the impact of the 2024 United States presidential election and any resulting public policy changes affecting women and their health care decisions, including changes in financial outcomes resulting from candidate positions on healthcare topics and the possible impact on related laws, regulations and policies following the election; the impact of higher selling and promotional costs; the impact of cyberattacks or other events that may affect our information technology systems or those of third parties; and other factors discussed in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including those discussed in the Business, Risk Factors, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of those reports. 

General 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to assist the reader in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this report and with our audited financial statements, including the accompanying notes, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Operating results discussed herein are not necessarily indicative of the results of any future period. 
 
 We are a global health care company with a focus on improving the health of women throughout their lives. We develop and deliver innovative health solutions through a portfolio of prescription therapies and medical devices within women s health, biosimilars and established brands. We have a portfolio of more than 60 medicines and products across a range of therapeutic areas. We sell these products through various channels including drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, government agencies and managed health care providers such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers and other institutions. We operate six manufacturing facilities, which are located in Belgium, Brazil, Indonesia, Mexico, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Unless otherwise indicated, trademarks appearing in italics throughout this document are trademarks of, or are used under license by, our group of companies. 
 
 -23- 

Table of Contents 

Recent Developments 
 
 Business Development 
 
 Dermavant Sciences Ltd. Dermavant 
 
 On October 28, 2024, Organon acquired Dermavant, a company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative therapeutics in immuno-dermatology. Dermavant s novel product, Vtama (tapinarof) cream, 1 , for the topical treatment of mild, moderate, and severe plaque psoriasis in adults, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in May 2022. It is currently being reviewed by the FDA for the treatment of atopic dermatitis, also known as eczema, in adults and children 2 years of age and older. Atopic dermatitis is one of the most common inflammatory dermatological conditions in adults, presenting a higher disease burden for women compared to men. 
 
 The transaction will be accounted for as an acquisition of a business. Consideration consists of an upfront payment of 175 million and a 75 million milestone payment upon regulatory approval, as well as payments of up to 950 million for the achievements of certain commercial milestones, tiered royalties on net sales, and the assumption of liabilities, including certain debt obligations, which would be accounted for at fair value on the acquisition date. Organon incurred costs associated with the transaction of approximately 4 million recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Suzhou Centergene Pharmaceuticals Centergene 
 
 In September 2024, we entered into license and supply agreements with Centergene acquiring the exclusive commercialization rights to its investigational asset, SJ02, a long-acting recombinant human follicle-stimulating hormone carboxyl-terminal peptide fusion protein (FSH-CTP) designed for controlled ovarian stimulation (COS) in combination with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist to facilitate the development of multiple follicles in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology (ART) programs. Under the terms of the agreement, we will pay 12 million of which 6 million will be paid in the fourth quarter of 2024 and 6 million is payable when we obtain the manufacturing license, which are refundable if the regulatory approval is not obtained or marketing authorization cannot be transferred, and additional regulatory and sales-based milestones of up to 170 million. We will recognize regulatory and sales-based milestones when the achievement is probable. 
 
 Eli Lilly Lilly 
 
 In December 2023, we announced an agreement with Lilly to become the sole distributor and promoter of the migraine medicines Emgality and Rayvow in Europe. Lilly will remain the marketing authorization holder and will manufacture the products for sale. Under the terms of the agreement, we paid an upfront payment of 50 million upon closing of the transaction in January 2024, and recognized sales-based milestones when the achievement was deemed probable. In the first quarter of 2024, we recognized an intangible asset of 220 million, comprised of the 50 million upfront payment and 170 million of sales-based milestones that were deemed probable. The intangible asset will be amortized over 10 years. 
 
 In August of 2024, we expanded the agreement with Lilly to become the sole distributor and promoter for Emgality in the following additional markets: Canada, Colombia, Israel, South Korea, Kuwait, Mexico, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. We paid an upfront payment of 23 million for the expansion of territory upon closing of the transaction in August 2024, and recognize sales-based milestones when the achievement is probable. As of September 30, 2024, we recognized an additional intangible asset of 113 million, comprised of the 23 million upfront payment and 90 million related to the sales-based milestones that were deemed probable. The intangible asset will be amortized over 10 years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had accrued 20 million in Accrued and Other current liabilities and 240 million in Other noncurrent liabilities in total related to the probable sales-based milestones. 

-24- 

Table of Contents 

Operating Results 
 
 Sales Overview 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States 398 370 8 8 1,156 1,067 8 8 International 1,184 1,149 3 5 3,655 3,598 2 4 Total 1,582 1,519 4 5 4,811 4,665 3 5 
 
 Worldwide sales were 1.6 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 an increase of 4 , compared to 2023. Worldwide sales were negatively impacted by approximately 1 or 18 million, due to unfavorable foreign exchange. 
 
 Excluding foreign exchange, sales increases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflect the performance of: 
 Nexplanon, due to increased demand, favorable price and discount rates in the United States and increased demand in international markets, partially offset by the timing of tenders in Latin America; 
 Hadlima, due to the launch in the United States in July 2023 and a modest increase in international markets; and 
 Emgality and Rayvow, due to the acquisition of the distribution and promotion rights from Lilly in 2024. 
 
 This performance was offset by decreases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 in: 
 NuvaRing, due to ongoing generic competition and the negative impact of increased government discount rates in the United States; 
 Ontruzant, due to the timing of tenders in Brazil and lower demand in the United States and Europe; and 
 Cozaar (losartan) and Hyzaar (losartan / hydrochlorothiazide) due to the unfavorable pricing in Japan. 
 
 Worldwide sales were 4.8 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 3 , compared to 2023. Worldwide sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by approximately 2 or 76 million, due to unfavorable foreign exchange. 
 
 Excluding foreign exchange, sales increases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily reflect the performance of: 
 Nexplanon, due to increased demand, favorable price and discount rates in the United States and increased demand in international markets and our institutional business in Africa; 
 Hadlima, due to the launch in the United States in July 2023 and a modest increase in international markets; 
 Diprospan 1 (betamethasone), due to recovery from the manufacturing issues resulting from the regulatory inspection finding at the Heist manufacturing location that impacted the manufacturing of selected injectable steroid brands in the first quarter of 2023 (the Market Action and 
 Emgality and Rayvow, due to the acquisition of the distribution and promotion rights from Lilly in 2024. 
 
 This performance was offset by decreases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 in: 
 NuvaRing, due to ongoing generic competition and the negative impact of increased government discount rates in the United States; 
 Zetia (ezetimibe), which is marketed as Ezetrol in most countries outside the United States; Vytorin (ezetimibe / simvastatin), which is marketed as Inegy outside of the United States , primarily driven by the decrease in demand and unfavorable pricing in Japan, partially offset by increased demand in China; and 
 Cozaar and Hyzaar, driven by the negative impact of volume-based procurement VBP in China and unfavorable pricing in Japan. 
 
 The loss of exclusivity LOE negatively impacted sales of certain of our products by approximately 3 million and 15 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, based on the decrease in volume period over period, mainly impacting Atozet TM 1 (ezetimibe and atorvastatin) in Japan. VBP in China had a 13 million negative impact on our sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. VBP in China did not have an impact for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We expect VBP to continue to impact our established brands product portfolio for the next several quarters. 
 
 -25- 

Table of Contents 

Our operations include a portfolio of products. Highlights of the sales of our products for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are provided below. See Note 5 Product and Geographic Information to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on sales of our products. 

Women s Health 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Nexplanon/Implanon NXT 243 220 10 11 704 599 17 18 NuvaRing (1) 
 23 43 (45) (45) 90 137 (34) (32) Marvelon/Mercilon 29 30 (3) (2) 103 97 6 8 Follistim AQ 63 54 16 16 171 179 (4) (3) Ganirelix Acetate Injection 
 26 25 3 4 82 88 (7) (6) Jada 
 16 13 24 24 43 31 40 40 
 (1) Sales of the authorized generic version of NuvaRing were previously included in Other Women s Health. 
 
 Contraception 
 
 Worldwide sales of Nexplanon, a single-rod subdermal contraceptive implant, increased 10 and 17 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to increased demand, favorable price and discount rates in the United States and increased demand in international markets. In addition, sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were partially offset by the timing of tenders in Latin America, and sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were impacted by an increase in demand in our institutional business in Africa. 
 
 Worldwide sales of NuvaRing , a vaginal contraceptive product, declined 45 and 34 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to ongoing generic competition and the negative impact of increased government discount rates in the United States. We expect a continued decline in NuvaRing sales as a result of generic competition. 
 
 Worldwide sales of Marvelon TM 1 (desogestrel and ethinyl estradiol pill) and Mercilon TM 1 (desogestrel and ethinyl estradiol pill), combined oral hormonal daily contraceptive pills not approved or marketed in the United States but available in certain countries outside the United States, remained consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023. Sales increased 6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, as a result of increased demand in various international markets. 
 
 Fertility 
 
 Worldwide sales of Follistim AQ , a fertility treatment, increased 16 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, due to increased demand in the United States and launches in various international markets, partially offset by unfavorable discount rates in the United States. Sales declined 4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, due to a one-time buy-in as a result of our exit from our Interim Operating Model Agreement in the United States with Merck Co., Inc. Merck ), during the fourth quarter of 2023 and unfavorable discount rates in the United States, partially offset by increased demand in the United States and launches in various international markets. 
 
 Worldwide sales of ganirelix acetate injection, a fertility treatment, increased 3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, primarily due to increased demand in the United States. Sales declined 7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, primarily due to generic competition partially offset by increased demand in the United States. 
 
 Other Women s Health 
 
 Worldwide sales of Jada, a device intended to provide control and treatment of abnormal postpartum uterine bleeding or hemorrhage when conservative management is warranted, increased 24 and 40 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively. The sales increase is due to continued uptake in the United States following the Jada launch in early 2022. 
 
 -26- 

Table of Contents 

Biosimilars Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Renflexis 72 69 3 4 210 201 4 4 Ontruzant 20 40 (49) (49) 107 93 15 15 Brenzys 27 13 98 99 63 45 38 39 Hadlima 40 8 98 20 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Renflexis is a biosimilar to Remicade 2 (infliximab) for the treatment of certain autoimmune conditions. Sales increased 3 and 4 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to continued demand growth in the United States and Canada, partially offset by unfavorable discount rates in the United States. We have commercialization rights to Renflexis in countries outside of Europe, Korea, China, Turkey, and Russia. 
 
 Ontruzant is a biosimilar to Herceptin 2 (trastuzumab) for the treatment of HER2-overexpressing breast cancer and HER2-overexpressing metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma. Sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, declined 49 , due to the timing of tenders in Brazil and lower demand in the United States and Europe. Sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, increased 15 , driven by increased demand as a result of tenders in Brazil partially offset by lower demand in the United States and Europe. We have commercialization rights to Ontruzant in all countries except in Korea and China. 
 
 Brenzys is a biosimilar to Enbrel 2 (etanercept) for the treatment of certain inflammatory diseases. Sales in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, increased 98 and 38 , respectively, driven by the timing of government orders in Brazil. We have commercialization rights to Brenzys in countries outside of the United States, Europe, Korea, China, and Japan. 
 
 Hadlima is a biosimilar to Humira 2 (adalimumab) for the treatment of certain autoimmune and autoinflammatory conditions. We have commercialization rights to Hadlima in countries outside of the EU, Korea, China, Turkey, and Russia. We recorded sales of 40 million and 98 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, reflecting an increase due to the launch in the United States in July 2023 and a modest increase in international markets. Hadlima is currently approved in the United States, Australia, Canada, and Israel. 
 
 Established Brands 
 
 Established brands represents a broad portfolio of well-known brands, which generally are beyond market exclusivity, including leading brands in cardiovascular, respiratory, dermatology and non-opioid pain management, for which generic competition varies by market. 
 
 Cardiovascular Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Zetia/Vytorin (1) 
 108 102 5 7 322 353 (9) (7) Atozet 125 126 (1) 1 396 397 1 Cozaar/Hyzaar 59 68 (13) (12) 186 225 (17) (14) 
 (1) Sales of the authorized generic version of Zetia were previously included in Other Cardiovascular. 
 
 Combined global sales of Zetia and Vytorin , medicines for lowering LDL cholesterol, increased 5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, primarily driven by increased demand in China partially offset by unfavorable pricing in Japan. Sales declined 9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, primarily driven by the decrease in demand and unfavorable pricing in Japan, partially offset by increased demand in China. 
 
 Sales of Atozet , a medicine for lowering LDL cholesterol, declined 1 and remained consistent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to LOE in Japan and the timing of tenders in the 
 -27- 

Table of Contents 

Latin America region partially offset by increased demand in certain markets in Europe. We anticipate a significant decline in sales beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to LOE, which occurred late in the third quarter, in certain markets in Europe. 
 
 Combined global sales of Cozaar and Hyzaar , medicines for the treatment of hypertension, declined 13 and 17 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to the unfavorable pricing in Japan. Sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were impacted by VBP in China. 
 
 Respiratory Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Singulair 85 91 (7) (5) 275 290 (5) (2) Nasonex (1) 
 63 60 5 5 200 197 1 5 Dulera 48 49 (2) (1) 151 144 5 5 
 (1) Sales of the authorized generic version of Nasonex were previously included in Other Respiratory. 
 
 Worldwide sales of Singulair (montelukast sodium), a once-a-day oral medicine for the chronic treatment of asthma and for the relief of symptoms of allergic rhinitis, decreased 7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, due to unfavorable pricing in Japan and China. Sales decreased 5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, due to decreased demand and price decreases in Japan. 
 
 Global sales of Nasonex (mometasone), an inhaled nasal corticosteroid for the treatment of nasal allergy symptoms, increased 5 and 1 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to increased demand across international markets partially offset by the phasing of shipments in various international markets. 
 
 Global sales of Dulera (formoterol/fumarate dihydrate), which is also marketed as Zenhale in certain markets outside of the United States, a combination medicine for the treatment of asthma, remained relatively consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023. Sales increased 5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, primarily due to the favorable impact of increased demand in the United States and Canada. 
 
 Non-Opioid Pain, Bone and Dermatology 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Arcoxia 69 64 8 9 211 207 2 5 Diprospan 37 31 19 22 102 58 78 80 
 
 Sales of Arcoxia (etoricoxib), a medicine for the treatment of arthritis and pain, increased 8 and 2 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to increased demand in China and favorable pricing in the Asia Pacific region partially offset by a decrease in demand in various international markets. 
 
 Sales of Diprospan , a corticosteroid approved for treatment of a wide range of inflammatory conditions, increased 19 and 78 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to recovery from the manufacturing issues resulting from the Market Action. In the first quarter of 2023, we resolved the regulatory inspection findings. We expect sales recovery to continue through the end of 2024. 
 
 -28- 

Table of Contents 

Other Three Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange Nine Months Ended September 30, Change Change Excluding Foreign Exchange in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Emgality/Rayvow 29 69 Proscar 23 25 (8) (7) 73 77 (6) (3) 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Sales of Emgality and Rayvow were 29 million and 69 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to the acquisition of the distribution and promotion rights from Lilly in 2024. 
 
 Worldwide sales of Proscar (finasteride), a medicine for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostate enlargement, declined 8 and 6 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to decreased demand in China. 

Gross Profit, Expenses and Other 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of sales 659 612 8 1,992 1,832 9 Gross profit 923 907 2 2,819 2,833 Selling, general and administrative 422 538 (22) 1,290 1,424 (9) Research and development 111 137 (19) 339 394 (14) Acquired in-process research and development and milestones 51 81 8 Restructuring costs 23 4 Interest expense 126 134 (6) 388 398 (3) Exchange losses 6 14 (57) 11 25 (56) Other expense, net 4 (100) 9 11 (18) 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales increased 8 and 9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to unfavorable product mix, foreign exchange translation and higher inflation impacts to material and distribution costs. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, was impacted by increased sales due to volume, partially offset by unfavorable product mix and price, foreign exchange translation and higher inflation impacts to material and distribution costs. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 22 and 9 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, due to the 80 million charge in 2023 related to the Microspherix legal matter and lower costs associated with the implementation of our Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expenses decreased 19 and 14 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in clinical study activity and lower personnel costs due to a reduction in headcount related to our restructuring initiatives. 
 -29- 

Table of Contents 

Acquired In-Process Research and Development and Milestones 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, acquired in-process research and development and milestones of 51 million primarily represent the research and development milestones related to our agreement with Henlius, which were determined to be probable of being achieved. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, acquired in-process research and development and milestones of 81 million primarily represent the research and development milestones of 70 million for our agreement with Henlius and 10 million for our agreement with Cirqle, which were determined to be probable of being achieved. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 acquired in-process research and development and milestones of 8 million represent the upfront and development milestones related to the Claria transaction. 
 
 Restructuring Costs 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 23 million, of headcount-related restructuring expense related to the ongoing optimization of our internal operations, primarily the research and development function. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, decreased 6 due to lower interest rates on the refinanced debt and our cross-currency swaps. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023, decreased 3 due to lower interest rates on the refinanced debt and our cross-currency swaps, partially offset by approximately 4 million in debt issuance costs related to the refinancing of our long-term debt. Beginning in May 2024, the difference between the interest rate received of 7.3125 and paid of 5.8330 under the cross-currency swap agreements is recorded in Interest expense. 
 
 Exchange Gains (Losses) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the reduction in exchange losses was driven by less volatility in foreign exchange compared to the prior year and the favorable changes in spot rates of our forward contracts. 
 
 Other Expense, net 
 
 Other expense decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2023. 
 
 Taxes on Income 
 
 The effective income tax rates were (11.3) and 16.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These effective income tax rates reflect the beneficial impact of foreign earnings, offset by the impact of U.S. inclusions under the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income regime and a partial valuation allowance recorded against non-deductible U.S. interest expense. There was a favorable impact to the 2024 year-to-date effective tax rate, which was driven by the favorable closure of the two non-US tax audits and a return to provision adjustment for the Switzerland entity. 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Swiss tax authority confirmed to the Company the applicable useful life of an existing tax asset. As a result, the Company has now concluded it is more likely than not it will utilize the entirety of the tax asset. As such, the Company released a 210 million related valuation allowance. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2024, multiple jurisdictions, most notably, a majority of the European Union member states, implemented the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Pillar 2 global corporate minimum tax rate of 15 on companies with revenues of at least 750 million. We have evaluated the effect of this for the first three quarters of 2024 and do not expect that it will have a material effect on a full year basis. 
 
 -30- 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 763 million. We have historically generated and expect to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations. Our ability to fund our operations and anticipated capital needs is reliant upon the generation of cash from operations, supplemented as necessary by periodic utilization of our revolving credit facility. Our principal uses of cash in the future will be primarily to fund our operations, working capital needs, capital expenditures, repayment of borrowings, payment of dividends and strategic business development transactions. We believe that our financing arrangements, future cash from operations, and access to capital markets will provide adequate resources to fund our future cash flow needs. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we refinanced a portion of our long-term debt. These transactions extended certain maturity dates, resulted in lower interest rates for certain of our long-term debt and increased the capacity of our revolving credit facility. See Note 10 Long-Term Debt to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for further information on our long-term debt transactions. 
 
 Working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities and was 2.0 billion and 1.6 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase in working capital was primarily driven by increased cash from positive cash flows, inventory purchases, and current assets due to the timing of tax payments and a decline in our payables, due to the timing of payments. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 549 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 402 million for the same period in the prior year. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to the increase in our operating results, which was the result of increased sales period over period. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 217 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 179 million for the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the 73 million upfront payments related to the agreement with Lilly and the additional 26 million payments related to milestones, partially offset by lower capital spending as a result of the completion of the implementation of our ERP system. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 286 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 492 million for the same period in the prior year. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was driven by the 250 million voluntary prepayment on the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to a 7.5 million voluntary prepayment on the U.S. dollar-denominated term loan and 36 million of debt issuance costs related to the long-term debt refinancing in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 As part of our post-spinoff plan, we have approved an initiative to further optimize our manufacturing and supply network. As part of this initiative, we will continue to separate our supply chain through planned exits from supply agreements from Merck through 2031. This will enable us to redefine our appropriate sourcing strategy, and move to fit-for-purpose supply chains, while focusing on delivering efficiencies. We anticipate we will incur costs associated with this separation, including but not limited to accelerated depreciation, exit premiums and fees, technology transfer costs, stability and qualification batch costs, one-time resourcing costs, regulatory and filing costs, capital investment, and inventory stock bridges. 
 
 Our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024, which require material cash requirements in the future, consist of contractual milestones, purchase obligations and lease obligations. During the fourth quarter, we anticipate paying higher cash taxes than the fourth quarter of 2023. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further details. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to our contractual obligations outside of the ordinary course of business. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we paid cash dividends of 0.28 per share. On October 31, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.28 for each issued and outstanding share of our common stock. T he dividend is payable on December 12, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 12, 2024. 
 
 -31- 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies, which include management s best estimates and judgments, are included in Note 3 Summary of Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 2 Basis of Presentation to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the adoption of new accounting standards during 2024. There have been no changes to our accounting policies as of September 30, 2024. A discussion of accounting estimates considered critical because of the potential for a significant impact on the financial statements due to the inherent uncertainty in such estimates are disclosed in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Organon s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 For a discussion of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 Basis of Presentation to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no changes to our market risk during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to our market risk disclosures set forth under Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the period ending September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that it is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and our CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 15 Contingencies included in Part I, Item. 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 and non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

-32- 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Number 
 Description 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement And Plan of Merger, dated September 17, 2024, by and among Organon Co., Organon Bermuda Ltd., Dermavant Sciences Ltd. and Roivant Sciences Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-40235) filed on September 23, 2024). 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (CEO) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (CFO) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (CEO) pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (CFO) pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Certain Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any document so furnished. 

-33- 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ORGANON CO. 
 Date: November 1, 2024 
 /s/ Kathryn DiMarco Kathryn DiMarco Senior Vice President Finance - Corporate Controller Date: November 1, 2024 
 /s/ Matthew Walsh Matthew Walsh Chief Financial Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ogn09302024-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kevin Ali, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Organon & Co 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. the registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 1, 2024 
 s Kevin Ali Kevin Ali Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ogn09302024-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew Walsh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Organon & Co 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. the registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 November 1, 2024 
 s Matthew Walsh Matthew Walsh Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ogn09302024-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned certifies that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Organon & Co. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Organon & Co. 
 
 November 1, 2024 
 s Kevin Ali Kevin Ali Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ogn09302024-exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned certifies that, to the best of my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Organon & Co. fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Organon & Co. 
 
 November 1, 2024 
 s Matthew Walsh Matthew Walsh Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ogn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ogn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ogn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ogn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ogn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

