<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_872912_0001628280-24-046537.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8022378</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96013</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1479442</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2542174</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2076232</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1690919</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046537.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108094622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000872912
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				061245881
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16133
		FILM NUMBER:		241438303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		566 QUEENSBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			QUEENSBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(518) 743-8892

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		566 QUEENSBURY AVENUE
		CITY:			QUEENSBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DELCATH SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046537.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 dcth-20240930.htm
 10-Q

dcth-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 
 
 ______________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 5, 2024, shares of the Company s common stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive I ncome and Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 Item 1 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 32 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 32 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 33 
 SIGNATURES 
 36 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Lease liabilities, current Loan payable Convertible notes payable Warrant liability - current Total current liabilities Warrant liability, non-current Lease Liabilities, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 14) par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Product revenue Cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other (expense) income ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized gain (loss) on investments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Common share data: Basic income (loss) per common share ) ) ) Weighted average number of basic shares outstanding Diluted income (loss) per common share ) ) ) Weighted average number of dilutive shares outstanding 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Preferred Stock 
 Par Value 
 Common Stock 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total No. of Shares Amount No. of Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Compensation expense for Employee Stock Purchase Plan Private placement -issuance of common shares, net of expenses Issuance of common stock with the employee stock purchase plan Conversion - F-3 Preferred to Common ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized gain on investments Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Compensation expense for Employee Stock Purchase Plan Prior quarter private placement - expenses ) ) Warrant exercise and conversion - F-4 Preferred to Common Conversion - F-3 Preferred to Common ) ) Conversion - F-2 Preferred to Common ) ) Pre-funded warrant exercise ) Stock option exercise Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Compensation expense for Employee Stock Purchase Plan Issuance of common stock with the Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock option exercise Net income Unrealized loss on investments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred Stock 
 Par Value 
 Common Stock 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total No. of Shares Amount No. of Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Private placement -issuance of common shares, net of expenses Issuance of common stock with the employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Conversion of Preferred F-1 shares to common shares Preferred F-2 Shares Issuance Pre-funded warrant exercise Issuance of common stock related to stock option exercises Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Compensation expense for issuance of stock options Conversion of Series F-2 Preferred shares to common shares ) ) Series F-3 Preferred Shares Issuance Conversion of Series F-3 Preferred shares to common shares ) ) Conversion of Series E Preferred shares to common shares ) Common Stock warrant exercise Issuance of common stock with the employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to stock option exercises Compensation expense for issuance of employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Total comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock option compensation expense Depreciation expense Warrant liability fair value adjustment Amortization of Right-of-Use Asset Amortization of debt discount Interest expense accrued related to convertible notes Amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other liabilities, non-current ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of investment ) Maturities of investments Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from private placement Proceeds from the issuance of common stock relating to the employee stock purchase plan Repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Foreign currency effects on cash Net (decrease) increase in total cash ) Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash: Beginning of period End of period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash consisted of the following: Cash and Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash Total 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the periods for: Interest expense Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Conversion of mezzanine equity to common shares Conversion of mezzanine equity to preferred shares 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 (1) 
 orphan drug designations for melphalan in the treatment of patients with ocular (uveal) melanoma, cutaneous melanoma, intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and neuroendocrine tumor indications and for doxorubicin in the treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma). 
 The Company has sufficient raw material and component constituent parts of the HEPZATO KIT to meet anticipated demand and it intends to manage supply chain risk through stockpiled inventory and, where commercially reasonable, contracting with multiple suppliers for critical components. 
 In Europe, the hepatic delivery system is a stand-alone medical device having the same device components as HEPZATO, but without the melphalan hydrochloride and is approved for sale under the trade name CHEMOSAT Hepatic Delivery System for Melphalan CHEMOSAT ), where it has been used at major medical centers to treat a wide range of cancers in the liver. On February 28, 2022, CHEMOSAT received Medical Device Regulation (MDR) certification under the European Medical Devices Regulation (EU) 2017/745, which may be considered by jurisdictions when evaluating reimbursement. 
 To support the New Drug Application for HEPZATO the Company conducted the FOCUS Clinical Trial for Patients with metastatic hepatic dominant Uveal Melanoma (the FOCUS Trial ), a global registration clinical trial that investigated objective response rate in patients with mUM. On May 6, 2024, the Company announced the publication of results from the pivotal FOCUS Trial in the journal Annals of Surgical Oncology. The current focus of the Company s clinical development program is to generate clinical data for CHEMOSAT and HEPZATO either as monotherapy or in combination with immunotherapy. The Company expects that this will support increased clinical adoption of and reimbursement for CHEMOSAT in Europe, and to support reimbursement in various jurisdictions, including the United States. In addition to HEPZATO s use to treat mUM, the Company believes that HEPZATO has the potential to treat other cancers in the liver, such as metastatic colorectal cancer, metastatic neuroendocrine tumors, metastatic breast cancer and intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, and plans to begin one or more studies of the HEPZATO KIT to treat such conditions in late 2024 or early 2025. The Company believes that those and similar disease states are areas of unmet medical needs that represent significant market opportunities. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million and short-term investments totaling million, as compared to cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling million and short-term investments totaling million at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company used million of cash in its operating activities and million for principal payments. 
 The Company s future results are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. The Company has operated at a loss for its entire history and there can be no assurance that it will ever achieve or maintain profitability. The Company has historically funded its operations primarily with proceeds from sales of common stock, warrants and pre-funded warrants for the purchase of common stock, sales of preferred stock, proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt and borrowings under loan and security agreements. 
 If there is a substantial delay in the activation of additional sites to administer HEPZATO and/or the revenue generated from HEPZATO and CHEMOSAT is less than anticipated, the Company expects to need to raise additional capital under structures available to the Company, including debt and/or equity offerings, which may not be on favorable terms. In a substantially delayed site activation scenario, the Company would not have sufficient funds to meet its obligations within twelve months from the issuance date of these condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, there is uncertainty regarding the Company s ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate its business effectively, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting the Company s ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If the Company raises funds through collaborations or other similar arrangements with third parties, it may have to relinquish valuable rights to its technologies, future revenue streams, research programs for product candidates and/or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to the Company, any of which may reduce the value of its common stock. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, it may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate its product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market its product candidates to third parties even if the Company would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates itself. 
 The Company expects to use cash and cash equivalents to fund activities relating to commercial support for HEPZATO, CHEMOSAT and any future clinical research trials and operating activities. The Company s future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including the initiation and progress of clinical trials and research and product development programs; obtaining regulatory approvals and complying with applicable laws and regulations; the timing and effectiveness of product commercialization activities, including marketing arrangements; the timing and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights; the resolution of any disputes with third parties; and the effect of competing technological and market developments. 
 million to satisfy accounts payable, accrued expenses, current lease liabilities and current medac settlement and (b) million of convertible note principal payments, if the holders do not elect to convert the notes into equity. Additional capital commitments beyond the next twelve months include (a) million of lease liabilities; and (b) million for settlement of litigation with medac. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as set forth in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 HEPZATO KIT Total revenue 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Potential credit risk exposure for both the HEPZATO KIT and CHEMOSAT has been evaluated for the Company s accounts receivable in accordance with ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. The loss percentage is calculated 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2023 
 
 (3) 
 Short-term investments 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was less than 0.1 million of interest receivable related to the outstanding debt securities held by the Company. 
 Short-term investments 
 million of interest receivable related to the outstanding debt securities held by the Company. 
 
 (4) 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventory 
 million in finished goods held at hospitals and treatment centers. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 (5) 
 Insurance premiums Professional services Interest Receivable Licenses Software Taxes Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 (6) 
 years - Buildings 
 Enterprise hardware and software years Leaseholds Lesser of lease term or estimated useful life Equipment years Furniture years Equipment in process Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was less than million for each period. 
 
 (7) 
 Compensation, excluding taxes Professional fees Interest on convertible note Inventory Other Total accrued expenses 
 
 (8) 
 . The Company leases its facilities under non-cancellable operating leases. The Company evaluates the nature of each lease at the inception of an arrangement to determine whether it is an operating or financing lease and recognizes the ROU asset and lease liabilities based on the 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million of operating lease expense, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 In 2021, the Company entered into a sub-lease agreement (the 2021 Sub-Lease with its previous sub-lessee pursuant to which, effective August 2, 2021, the previous sub-lessee would become the lessee and the Company would then sublease its portion of the premises in Galway, Ireland from the previous sub-lessee. The Company s annual rent expense under the 2021 Sub-Lease is less than million for a term of years . 
 In 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to a sub-lease agreement executed in 2016 for office space at 1633 Broadway, New York, New York. The term of the sub-lease agreement began in April 2016 and, pursuant to amendments, was extended through August 2023. As of August 31, 2023, the lease was month-to-month. No ROU assets or lease liabilities were recognized on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2023 for this arrangement. The Company ended the sublease for its former corporate offices at 1633 Broadway, New York, New York in February 2024. 
 On January 18, 2024, the Company entered into a lease agreement (the Queensbury Lease to lease approximately square feet of manufacturing and office space in Queensbury, New York (the Premises ). The initial term of the lease is with a right to extend the lease by an additional , exercisable under certain conditions set forth in the Queensbury Lease. The Company s annual rent expense under the Queensbury Lease is less than million for a term of years .) ) ) Weighted average remaining lease term Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 Year ended December 31, 2025 Year ended December 31, 2026 Year ended December 31, 2027 Year ended December 31, 2028 Thereafter Total Less present value discount ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2024 
 
 (9) 
 ) Convertible notes payable - current 1 
 ) Total - Loans and notes payable ) 
 final payment of million. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

million (the Avenue Loan ). The Avenue Loan bore interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) the sum of plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal and (b) . The Avenue Loan matured on August 1, 2024 with a rate at maturity. 
 
 The Avenue Loan Agreement required the Company to make and maintain representations and warranties and other agreements that are customary in loan agreements of this type. The Avenue Loan Agreement also contained customary events of default, including non-payment of principal or interest, violations of covenants, bankruptcy and material judgements. The Avenue Loan was secured by all of the Company s assets globally, including intellectual property. As of August 2024, Avenue has released the Company from all obligations and returned all security interests back to the Company. 
 
 The initial tranche of the Avenue Loan was million, including million that was funded into a restricted account. On March 15, 2023, the Company returned to Avenue million held as restricted cash to pay down a portion of the outstanding loan balance, principal payments of million and an incremental of the final payment of million. On March 31, 2023, the Avenue Loan Agreement was amended (the Avenue Amendment to defer the interest only period to September 30, 2023, with an additional extension option upon FDA Approval for the HEPZATO KIT and subsequent receipt of at least million from the sale and issuance of equity securities. On August 14, 2023, the Company received FDA approval and had subsequently received over million from the exercise of Tranche A Preferred Warrants. At the Company s option, it elected to extend the interest only period to December 31, 2023 and monthly principal payments of approximately million began in January 2024 with the final payment occurring on August 1, 2024. 
 Avenue did not exercise its option to convert the principal amount of the Avenue Loan into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 In connection with the initial entry into the Avenue Loan Agreement, the Company issued warrants to Avenue (the Initial Avenue Warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price per share equal to . Additionally, in connection with the Avenue Amendment, the Company issued to Avenue a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price per share equal to . Avenue exercised all outstanding warrants connected to the Avenue Loan in full in April 2024. 
 The Company determined that the embedded conversion option associated with the Avenue Loan did not require bifurcation and met the criteria for equity classification. In addition, the amendment was recorded under debt modification guidance. Aggregate debt discount amortization of million and million was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest expense incurred was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Convertible Notes Payable 
 The Company has million of principal outstanding related to Senior Secured Promissory Notes (the Rosalind Notes which bear interest at per annum. Pursuant to the original terms, the Rosalind Notes were convertible into Series E Preferred Stock at a price of per share and were to mature on July 16, 2021. 
 On August 6, 2021, the Company executed an agreement to amend the Rosalind Notes to (i) reduce the conversion price to per share of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock; and (ii) extend the maturity date to October 30, 2024. In addition, the holders of the Rosalind Notes agreed to subordinate all of the Company s indebtedness and obligations to Avenue and all of the holders security interest to the Avenue Loan and Avenue s security interest in the Company s property. 
 The outstanding principal and accrued interest was paid on October 30, 2024. Rosalind did not exercise its option to convert the Rosalind Notes into shares of the Company s common stock. 
 Interest expense accrued relating to the Rosalind Notes was million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 (10) 
 shares of Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series F-1 Preferred Stock ), (ii) tranche A warrants (the Preferred Tranche A Warrants to acquire shares of Series F-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series F-3 Preferred Stock and (iii) tranche B warrants (the Preferred Tranche B Warrants , together with the Preferred Tranche A Warrant, the Preferred Warrants to acquire shares of Series F-4 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series F-4 Preferred Stock for an aggregate offering price of million before deducting the fees paid to the placement agent and the financial advisors and other financing expenses payable by the Company. 
 
 The gross proceeds of million from the Series F Preferred Offering have been allocated first to the Preferred Warrant liabilities at their fair value of million, with the residual of million being allocated to the Series F-1 Preferred Stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of the Preferred Tranche A Warrants were exercised for an aggregate exercise price of million and Preferred Tranche B Warrants were exercised for an aggregate exercise price of million. The remaining Preferred Tranche B Warrants are exercisable for shares of Series F-4 Preferred Stock, with an aggregate exercise price of million until the earlier of (i) days following the Company s announcement of receipt of at least million in quarterly U.S. revenue from the commercialization of the HEPZATO KIT and (ii) March 31, 2026. 
 During the quarter ending September 30, 2024, we recorded at least million in quarterly U.S. revenue from the commercialization of the HEPZATO KIT, which was announced by the Company on October 17, 2024, triggering the 21 day exercise period for the Tranche B Warrants. As of November 5, 2024, Tranche B Warrants were exercised by the November 6, 2024 expiration date which resulted in million of cash proceeds to the Company. 
 Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series F Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation ), each share of Series F-1 Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock and/or, if applicable (in accordance with the beneficial ownership limitations then in effect), shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series F-2 Preferred Stock and, together with the Series F-1 Preferred Stock, the Series F-3 Preferred Stock and the Series F-4 Preferred Stock, the Series F Preferred Stock in lieu of common stock. Subject to limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designation, the shares of Series F-2, F-3 and F-4 Preferred Stock are convertible into common stock at the option of the holder at the conversion price of per share, per share and per share, respectively, rounded down to the nearest whole share, and in each case subject to the terms and limitations contained in the Certificate of Designation. 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares of the Company s Series F-1, F-2, F-3 and F-4 Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock, and shares of Series F-3 Preferred Stock or Series F-4 Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 The Series F-2, F-3 and F-4 Preferred Stock are not mandatorily redeemable, redeemable at the holder s election or contingently redeemable at the holder s election (at this point, a Deemed Liquidation Event would potentially trigger pro rata liquidation payments to the preferred and common stockholders on a pro rata as converted basis). Accordingly, the Series F-2, F-3 and F-4 Preferred are now classified as permanent equity. 

(11) 
 shares of common stock, tranche B warrants Common Tranche B Warrants , together with 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock. On March 29, 2023, the Company closed the Common Offering. 
 The aggregate exercise price of the Common Tranche A Warrants issued pursuant to the Common Offering is approximately million. 
 On August 14, 2023, the Company announced the receipt of the FDA Approval and all Common Tranche A Warrants were exercised and converted into shares of common stock. 
 The aggregate exercise price of the Common Tranche B Warrants issued in the Common Offering is approximately million. The Common Tranche B Warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of shares of common stock until the earlier of days following the Company s announcement of receipt of recording at least million in quarterly U.S. revenue from the commercialization of the HEPZATO KIT and March 31, 2026. 
 During the quarter ending September 30, 2024, we recorded at least million in quarterly U.S. revenue from the commercialization of the HEPZATO KIT, which was announced by the Company on October 17, 2024, triggering the day exercise period for the Common Tranche B Warrants. All Common Tranche B Warrants were exercised prior to the November 6, 2024 expiration date which resulted in million of cash proceeds to the Company. 
 Securities Purchase Agreement 
 On March 14, 2024, the Company and certain accredited investors (each an Investor and collectively, the Investors entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement (the Private Placement (i) an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a purchase price of per share, and (ii) to certain investors, in lieu of shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants at a price per Pre-Funded Warrant of (the Warrant Shares and together with the Shares, the Securities with an exercise price of . As of September 30, 2024 the Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised in full. 
 The Private Placement closed on March 19, 2024. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million, before deducting offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 Registration Rights for Preferred and Common Offerings 
 Pursuant to the Preferred Purchase Agreement and the Common Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Purchase Agreements ), the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (the June 2023 Resale Registration Statement providing for the resale by the investors party thereto of the common stock issuable upon conversion of the Registrable Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreements). The June 2023 Resale Registration Statement became effective on June 28, 2023. 
 Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (the April 2024 Resale Registration Statement providing for the resale of the common stock and common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. The April 2024 Resale Registration Statement also provided for the common stock issued upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock issued by the Company pursuant to the Avenue Amendment. The registration became effective on May 9, 2024. 
 There is no established public trading market for the Series F Preferred Stock, the Preferred Warrants, Common Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Company does not intend to list such securities on any national securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. 
 June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On June 28, 2024, the Company filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC, pursuant to which the Company may offer, issue and sell any combination of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, shares of the Company s preferred stock, par value per share, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, in one or more series, and units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities registered under such June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement in an aggregate amount of up to million, in each case, to the public in one or more registered offerings. The June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective on August 5, 2024. 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million. To date, the Company has sold approximately million of its common stock, prior to issuance costs, under the ATM Sales Agreement. No sales were made during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The registration statement the ATM Prospectus Supplement was part of, expired on July 1, 2024 and the Company can no longer make sales under the ATM Prospectus Supplement. 
 Authorized Shares 
 The Company is authorized to issue million shares of common stock, par value, and million shares of preferred stock, par value. 
 
 Series B Series C Series D Series E Series E-1 Series F-1 Series F-2 Series F-3 Series F-4 Total 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were an aggregate of shares of Series E and Series E-1, Series F-2 and shares of Series F-3 or Series F-4 Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 
 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 On September 30, 2020, the Company s 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors. On November 23, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan will continue in effect until the tenth anniversary of the date of its adoption by the Board or until earlier terminated by the Board. The 2020 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors or a committee designated by the Board of Directors. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance awards, as well as other stock-based awards or cash awards that are deemed to be consistent with the purposes of the plan to Company employees, directors and consultants. As of September 30, 2024, there have been shares of common stock reserved under the 2020 Plan, which includes an additional shares approved by shareholders on May 23, 2024 and registered on a Form S-8 registration statement, filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024, of which remained available to be issued. 
 In addition to options granted from the 2020 Plan, the Company also grants employment inducement awards pursuant to Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) of the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. The inducement grants are intended to provide incentive to certain individuals to enter into employment with the Company. Prior to December 5, 2023, the inducement awards were granted outside of the 2020 Plan, however they are governed in all respects as if they were issued under the 2020 Plan. These grants do not reduce the number of options available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. 
 On December 5, 2023, the Company s 2023 Inducement Plan (the 2023 Plan was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors. The 2023 Plan is administered by a Compensation Committee of two or more Independent Directors appointed by the Board of Directors and is intended to provide for the grant of non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance awards, as well as other stock-based awards or cash 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock reserved under the 2023 Plan, of which remain available to be granted. 

Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividends 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 - 
 + 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Cost of goods sold Total 
 At September 30, 2024, there was million of aggregate unrecognized compensation expense related to employee and board stock option grants. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 Warrants issued 1 
 Warrants exercised ) Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 1 All warrants issued in 2024 have been exercised and therefore have no remaining life. 

Preferred Stock Warrants 
 Warrants issued Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Tranche B Warrants were exercised by the November 6, 2024 expiration date which resulted in million of cash proceeds to the Company. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 shares of common stock to be purchased by participating employees of which have been issued as of September 30, 2024 since the inception of the benefit in 2021. Employees who elect to participate in the ESPP will be able to purchase common stock at the lower of of the fair market value of common stock on the first or last day of the applicable offering period. 
 
 (12) 
 and pre-funded warrants outstanding, respectively. 
 Weighted average pre-funded warrants Weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weighted average shares outstanding (Basic) Additional dilutive shares Weighted average shares outstanding (Diluted) 
 
 Assumed conversion of preferred stock warrants Assumed conversion of preferred stock Assumed conversion of convertible notes Stock options Total 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 (13) 

(14) 
 million milestone payment under a License, Supply and Marketing Agreement dated December 10, 2018 (the medac Agreement between medac and the Company. The medac Agreement provided to medac the exclusive right to market and sell CHEMOSAT in certain designated countries for which the Company was entitled to a combination of upfront and success-based milestone payments as well as a fixed transfer price per unit of CHEMOSAT and specified royalties. 
 In response to medac s subsequent dispute and non-payment of the invoice, on October 12, 2021, the Company notified medac in writing that it was terminating the medac Agreement due to medac s nonpayment of the million milestone payment, with the effective date of termination of the medac Agreement being April 12, 2022. On December 16, 2021, the Company initiated an arbitration proceeding pursuant to the dispute resolution procedures of the medac Agreement for the non-payment of the invoice. 
 On December 30, 2022, the parties reached a final settlement of the matter and the Company agreed to pay medac either (a) a royalty on sales of CHEMOSAT units over a defined minimum for a period of or until a maximum payment has been reached, or (b) a minimum annual payment of million in the event the annual royalty payment does not reach the agreed minimum payment amount. The first annual payment was made in May 2024 and the Company has estimated the remaining fair value of the settlement to be million as of September 30, 2024 and recorded million as other liabilities, non-current and million as accrued expenses on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Manufacturing and Supply Agreements 
 The Company has a License, Supply and Contract Manufacturing Agreement (as amended, the Supply Agreement with Synerx Pharma, LLC and Mylan Teoranta for the supply of melphalan provided in the HEPZATO KIT. An amendment to the Supply Agreement was entered into on April 22, 2024, and effective as of May 1, 2024, which extends the term of the agreement through December 31, 2028, with an option to renew for successive periods upon the mutual written consent of both parties. Although the Supply Agreement does not contain an annual minimum purchase quantity, the Agreement requires Delcath to order full lots of labeled melphalan vials. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has no commitments to purchase additional melphalan under this Supply Agreement in 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 (15) 
 Total change in foreign exchange Warrant liability fair value adjustment Change due to warrant exercise ) ) Change due to liability payment ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Contingent liabilities are re-measured to fair value each reporting period using projected financial targets, discount rates, probabilities of payment, and projected payment dates. Projected contingent payment amounts are discounted back to the current period using a discounted cash flow model. Projected financial targets are based on our most recent internal operational budgets and may take into consideration alternate scenarios that could result in more or less profitability for the respective service line. Increases or decreases in projected financial targets and probabilities of payment may result in significant changes in the fair value measurements. Increases in discount rates and the time to payment may result in lower fair value measurements. Increases or decreases in any of those inputs in isolation may result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. 
 As disclosed in Note 10 and Note 11 of the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company allocated part of the proceeds of the Series F Preferred Offering to warrant liability issued in connection with the transaction. The valuations of the warrants were determined using option pricing models. The Company concluded that the Preferred Warrants were not in the scope of Accounting Standards Codification, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480) since the Preferred Warrants are not mandatorily redeemable; and do not have obligations to issue a variable number of shares of preferred stock. The Company determined the Preferred Warrants met the definition of a derivative in accordance with ASC 815 but were not considered indexed to the Company s common stock since the warrants require early settlement by repurchasing the preferred warrants for cash in an amount equal to the Black-Scholes value in the event of a Fundamental Transaction at pre-specified volatility of 100 as an input to the Black-Scholes calculation. The Company determined to record the Preferred Warrants at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings at the end of each reporting period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a decrease to other expense of million and an increase to other expense of million, respectively, related to the change in fair value of the warrant liability. These models use inputs such as the underlying price of the shares issued at the measurement date, volatility, risk free interest rate and expected life of the instrument. Historically, the Company has classified the warrants as a long-term liability due to potential provisions relating to the holders ability to exercise the warrants beyond twelve months of the reporting date. As of September 30, 2024, the warrants are classified as a short-term liability due to the accelerated expiration date of November 6, 2024. 

Expected term (years) 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 Expected dividends 
 Additionally, the Company has determined that the warrant liability should be classified within Level 3 of the fair-value hierarchy by evaluating each input for the option pricing models against the fair-value hierarchy criteria and using the lowest level of input as the basis for the fair-value classification as called for in ASC 820. There are six inputs: closing price of the Company s stock on the day of evaluation; the exercise price of the warrants; the remaining term of the warrants; the volatility of the Company s stock along with comparable companies over that term; annual rate of dividends; and the risk-free rate of return. Of those inputs, the exercise price of the warrants and the remaining term are readily observable in the warrant agreements. The annual rate of dividends is based on the Company s historical practice of not granting dividends. The closing price of the Company s stock would fall under Level 1 of the fair-value hierarchy as it is a 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government agency bonds Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent Liability Warrant Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant 
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Assets: Money market funds U.S. government agency bonds Total Assets Liabilities: Contingent Liability Warrant Liabilities Total Liabilities 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Delcath Systems, Inc. Delcath or the Company should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 26, 2024, to provide an understanding of its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 All references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to we, our, us and the Company refer to Delcath Systems, Inc., and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and may include trademarks, service marks and trade names owned or licensed by us, including CHEMOFUSE, CHEMOSAT, CHEMOSATURATION, DELCATH, HEPZATO, HEPZATO KIT, PHP and THE DELCATH PHP SYSTEM. Solely for convenience and readability, trademarks, service marks and trade names, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear in a non-traditional trademark usage manner, including without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of the Company or the Company s licensor, as applicable. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, believes, seeks, estimates, could, would, will, may, can, continue, potential, should, and the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology often identify forward-looking statements. Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are hereby identified as forward-looking statements for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements, including the risks discussed in Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and the risks discussed in Part II, Item 1A under Risk Factors and the risks detailed from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our estimates regarding sufficiency of our cash resources, anticipated capital requirements, future revenue and our need for additional financing; 
 the commencement of future clinical trials, if any, and the results and timing of those clinical trials; 
 our expectations that the publication of additional data from our Phase 3 FOCUS Trial will support increased clinical adoption of and reimbursement for CHEMOSAT in Europe, and support reimbursement in various jurisdictions, including the United States; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize CHEMOSAT, HEPZATO KIT, and future products, if any, generate revenue and successfully obtain reimbursement for the products and/or the associated procedures; 
 our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and strategies, including for the commercialization and manufacturing of CHEMOSAT, HEPZATO KIT, and future products, if any; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of CHEMOSAT, HEPZATO KIT, and future products, if any; 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry; 
 the initiation and success of our research and development programs; 
 submission and timing of applications for regulatory approval and approval thereof; 
 our ability to successfully source components of CHEMOSAT, HEPZATO KIT, and future products, if any, and enter into supplier contracts; 
 our ability to source melphalan and other critical components necessary to manufacture HEPZATO KIT; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to successfully manufacture CHEMOSAT and HEPZATO KIT; 
 our ability to successfully negotiate and enter into agreements with distribution, strategic and corporate partners; and 
 our estimates of potential market opportunities and our ability to successfully realize these opportunities. 
 Many of the important factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as otherwise required by law, we do not assume any obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We are an interventional oncology company focused on the treatment of primary cancers metastatic to the liver. Our lead product, the HEPZATO KIT (melphalan for Injection/Hepatic Delivery System), a drug/device combination product, was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (the FDA on August 14, 2023, indicated as a liver-directed treatment for adult patients with uveal melanoma with unresectable hepatic metastases affecting less than 50 of the liver and no extrahepatic disease, or extrahepatic disease limited to the bone, lymph nodes, subcutaneous tissues, or lung that is amenable to resection, or radiation. The first commercial use of the HEPZATO KIT for the treatment of metastatic hepatic dominant uveal melanoma mUM took place in January 2024. 
 In the United States, HEPZATO is considered a combination drug and device product and is regulated as a drug by the FDA. Primary jurisdiction for regulation of HEPZATO has been assigned to the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. The FDA has granted us six orphan drug designations (five for melphalan in the treatment of patients with ocular (uveal) melanoma, cutaneous melanoma, intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and neuroendocrine tumor indications and one for doxorubicin in the treatment of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma). 
 We have sufficient raw material and component constituent parts of the HEPZATO KIT to meet anticipated demand and we intend to manage supply chain risk through stockpiled inventory and contracting with multiple suppliers for critical components. As of October 31, 2024, 12 facilities have treated at least one patient with the HEPZATO KIT. 
 In Europe, the hepatic delivery system is a stand-alone medical device having the same device components as HEPZATO, but without the melphalan hydrochloride and is approved for sale under the trade name CHEMOSAT Hepatic Delivery System for Melphalan, or CHEMOSAT, where it has been used at major medical centers to treat a wide range of cancers in the liver. On February 28, 2022, CHEMOSAT received Medical Device Regulation (MDR) certification under the European Medical Devices Regulation (EU)2017/745, which may be considered by jurisdictions when evaluating reimbursement. As of March 1, 2022, we have assumed direct responsibility for sales, marketing and distribution of CHEMOSAT in Europe. 
 Our clinical development program for HEPZATO was comprised of the FOCUS Clinical Trial for Patients with metastatic hepatic dominant Uveal Melanoma (the FOCUS Trial ), a global registration clinical trial that investigated objective response rate in patients with mUM. The current focus of our clinical development program is to generate clinical data for CHEMOSAT and HEPZATO in patients with mUM, either as monotherapy or in combination with immunotherapy. On May 6, 2024, we announced the publication of results from our Phase 3 FOCUS Trial, including an Overall Response Rate ORR of 36.35, which included 7.7 of patients with Complete Response, as determined by an Independent Review Committee. An ORR of 36.3 in the FOCUS study was statistically significantly better than the pooled ORR estimate (a weighted mean of the observed ORR) of 5.5 in the historical control group. We expect that the publication will support increased clinical adoption of and reimbursement for CHEMOSAT in Europe, and support reimbursement in various jurisdictions, including the United States. 
 In addition to HEPZATO s use to treat mUM, the Company believes that HEPZATO has the potential to treat other cancers in the liver, such as metastatic colorectal cancer, metastatic neuroendocrine tumors, metastatic breast cancer and intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, and plans to begin one or more studies of the HEPZATO KIT to treat such conditions in late 2024 or early 2025. We believe that those and similar disease states are areas of unmet medical needs that represent significant market opportunities. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues 11,200 434 22,105 1,526 Cost of goods sold (1,640) (133) (4,062) (464) Gross profit 9,560 301 18,043 1,062 Research and development expenses 3,866 4,662 10,960 12,793 Selling, general and administrative expenses 6,953 6,195 22,532 15,147 Total operating expenses 10,819 10,857 33,492 27,940 Operating loss (1,259) (10,556) (15,449) (26,878) Interest and other income (expense) 3,123 (9,784) (7,539) (9,664) Net income (loss) 1,864 (20,340) (22,988) (36,542) 
 Revenue 
 The increase in total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 was due to the commercial launch of the HEPZATO KIT in the U.S. during the first quarter of 2024 and the commercial expansion since such time along with an increase in demand for CHEMOSAT in Europe. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 The change in cost of goods sold for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 is directly related to changes in demand for product revenue. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses are incurred for the development of HEPZATO and consist primarily of payroll and payments to contract research and development companies. In 2023, these costs primarily related to generating pre-clinical data submission of the NDA and the cost of manufacturing HEPZATO for expanded access program sites utilizing the HEPZATO KIT prior to FDA approval. The decrease for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 is due to lower costs associated with NDA submission and expanded access program costs offset by an increase in medical affairs and regulatory costs associated with an approved product. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll, rent and professional services such as accounting, legal, marketing and commercial preparation services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023, selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to commercial launch activities including marketing-related expenses and additional personnel in the commercial team. 
 Interest and other Income/Expense 
 Interest and other income (expense) in 2024 is primarily related to the change in fair value of the Tranche B Warrants liability, interest income associated with marketable securities which is then offset by interest expense related to our debt instruments. There was a decrease in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 related to the principal loan payments made during 2023 and 2024. A decrease in warrant valuation occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to the decrease in expected term of the outstanding Tranche B Warrants. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 8.3 million and short-term investments totaling 5.7 million, as compared to cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling 12.7 million and short-term investments totaling 19.8 million at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 17.7 million of cash for operating activities compared to 23.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and 8.6 million for principal payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.3 million for principal payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling 40.5 million. 
 Our future results are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. We have operated at a loss for our entire history and there can be no assurance that we will ever achieve or maintain profitability. We have historically funded our operations primarily with 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 proceeds from sales of common stock, warrants and pre-funded warrants for the purchase of common stock, sales of preferred stock, proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt and borrowings under loan and security agreements. 
 Funding Requirements 
 If there is a substantial delay in the activation of additional sites to administer HEPZATO and/or the revenue generated from HEPZATO and CHEMOSAT is less than anticipated, we expect to need to raise additional capital under structures available to us, including debt and/or equity offerings, which may not be on terms favorable to us. In a substantially delayed site activation scenario, we will not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations within twelve months from the issuance date of these condensed consolidated financial statements. As such, there is uncertainty regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaborations, or other similar arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs for product candidates and/or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us, any of which may reduce the value of our common stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our product candidates to third parties even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates ourselves. 
 We also expect to use cash and cash equivalents to fund activities relating to commercial support for HEPZATO, CHEMOSAT and any future clinical research trials and operating activities. Our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including our ability to successfully commercialize HEPZATO and CHEMOSAT; the cost of and our ability to obtain additional regulatory approvals for HEPZATO and CHEMOSAT in additional jurisdictions and for additional indications; our ability to build a commercial infrastructure for HEPZATO for the treatment of mUM in the United States; obtaining regulatory approvals and complying with applicable laws and regulations; the timing and effectiveness of product commercialization activities, including marketing arrangements; our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development and establish a commercial infrastructure; the timing and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights; the resolution of any disputes with third parties; and the effect of competing technological and market developments. 
 Capital Commitments 
 Our capital commitments over the next twelve months include (a) 6.8 million to satisfy accounts payable, accrued expenses, current lease liabilities and current medac settlement and (b) 2.0 million of convertible note principal payments, if the holders do not elect to convert the notes into equity. Additional capital commitments beyond the next twelve months include (a) 1.3 million of lease liabilities and (b) 0.6 million for settlement of litigation with medac. 
 Source of Liquidity 
 June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On June 28, 2024, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC, pursuant to which we may offer, issue and sell any combination of shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, shares of our preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, debt securities, warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, in one or more series, and units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities registered under such June 2024 Shelf Registration Statement in an aggregate amount of up to 150 million, in each case, to the public in one or more registered offerings. 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 We previously entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement ATM Sales Agreement ), with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (the Sales Agent ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell, at our sole discretion through the Sales Agent, shares of our common stock from time to time. Pursuant to a prospectus supplement (the ATM Prospectus Supplement ), filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023, we could sell shares of common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement up to an aggregate of 17.0 million. To date, we have sold approximately 4.0 million of our common stock, prior to issuance costs, under the ATM Sales Agreement. No sales were made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The registration statement the ATM Prospectus Supplement was a part of, expired on July 1, 2024 and we can no longer make sales under the ATM Prospectus Supplement. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Avenue Loan Agreement 
 On August 6, 2021, we entered into the Avenue Loan Agreement with Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P. (the Lender, or Avenue ), as amended on March 31, 2023, for a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to 20 million (the Avenue Loan ). The Avenue Loan bore interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (a) the sum of 7.7 plus the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal and (b) 10.95 . The interest rate at September 30, 2024 was 16.20 . The Avenue Loan was secured by all of our assets globally, including intellectual property. On March 15, 2023, we returned to Avenue 4.0 million held in the restricted cash to pay down a portion of the outstanding loan balance, principal payments of 2.1 million and an incremental 4.25 of the final payment of 0.2 million. On March 31, 2023, we reached an agreement to amend the existing loan agreement with Avenue to defer the interest only period to September 30, 2023, with an additional extension option upon the FDA approval for the HEPZATO KIT and subsequent receipt of at least 10 million from the sale and issuance of equity securities. In exchange for this extension, we agreed to provide Avenue with 34,072 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per warrant share, all of which were exercised in April 2024. On August 14, 2023, we received the FDA approval for the HEPZATO KIT and subsequently received over 10 million from the exercise of warrants. At our option, we elected to extend the interest only period to December 31, 2023. Principal payments of approximately 1.0 million began in January 2024. 
 Avenue did not exercise its option to convert the remaining principal amount of the Avenue Loan into shares of our common stock and on August 1, 2024, upon maturity of the Avenue loan, we made the final payment due there under. Avenue has released us from all obligations and returned all security interests back to us. 
 Series E and Series E-1 Warrants 
 In June and July 2019, we entered into definitive securities purchase agreements with certain investors pursuant to which we issued shares of common stock and Series E and Series E-1 Warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The Series E and Series E-1 Warrants have an exercise price of 10.00 per share and expire on December 24, 2024. No Series E and Series E-1 Warrants were exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, 1,758,843 of such warrants remain outstanding. 
 Series F Warrants 
 In May 2020, we completed an underwritten public offering consisting of shares of common stock, Series F warrants to purchase shares of common stock and, to certain investors, in lieu of shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The Series F Warrants have an exercise price of 10.00 per share of common stock and expire on May 5, 2025, while the pre-funded warrants issued in such offering have an exercise price of 0.01, if exercised via cash payment. No Series F Warrants were exercised during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, 1,851,900 of the Series F Warrants remain outstanding. 
 March 2023 Private Placement 
 On March 27, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain accredited investors (the Preferred Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Series F Preferred Offering ), (i) 24,900 shares of our Series F-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series F-1 Preferred Stock ), (ii) tranche A warrants (the Preferred Tranche A Warrant to acquire 34,859 shares of Series F-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series F-3 Preferred Stock and (iii) tranche B warrants (the Preferred Tranche B Warrant, together with the Preferred Tranche A Warrant, the Preferred Warrants to acquire 24,900 shares of Series F-4 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series F-4 Preferred Stock for an aggregate offering price of 24.9 million before deducting the fees paid to the placement agent and the financial advisors and other financing expenses payable by us. 
 Also on March 27, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with the our Chief Executive Officer, Gerard Michel, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the Common Offering , and together with the Series F Preferred Offering, the Private Placements ), (i) 19,646 shares of common stock, (ii) tranche A warrants to acquire 31,110 shares of common stock (the Common Tranche A Warrants , and together with the Preferred Tranche A Warrants, the Tranche A Warrants and (iii) tranche B warrants to acquire 16,666 shares of common stock (the Common Tranche B Warrants , and together with the Preferred Tranche B Warrants, the Tranche B Warrants for an approximate aggregate offering price of 0.1 million. 
 On June 12, 2023, the stockholders approved the Private Placements at the annual general meeting of stockholders and therefore, the Preferred Warrants and Common Warrants issued in the Private Placements became exercisable. The exercise of all such Preferred Warrants and Common Warrants would generate approximately 60.0 million in proceeds to us. As of September 30, 2024, all of the Preferred Tranche A Warrants were exercised for an aggregate exercise price of 34.9 million into 34,859 shares of Series F-3 Preferred Stock, which were subsequently converted into shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 the Certificate of Designation and Rights relating to the Series F Preferred Offering, 250 shares Preferred Tranche B Warrants were exercised for an aggregate exercise price of 0.3 million into 250 shares of Series F-3 Preferred Stock, which were subsequently converted into shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation and Rights relating to the Series F Preferred Offering, and all of the Common Tranche A Warrants were exercised for an aggregate exercise price of 0.1 million into 31,110 shares of common stock. 
 During the quarter ending September 30, 2024, we recorded at least 10.0 million in quarterly U.S. revenue due to the commercialization of the HEPZATO KIT which was announced by us on October 17, 2024, triggering the 21 day exercise period. As of November 5, 2024, 24,900 Preferred Tranche B Warrants and 16,666 Common Tranche B Warrants were exercised by the November 6, 2024 expiration date which resulted in 25 million of cash proceeds to us. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 58,924 shares of our Series F-1, F-2, F-3 and F-4 Preferred Stock were converted into 15,005,211 shares of common stock. 
 March 2024 Private Placement 
 On March 14, 2024, we and certain accredited investors (each an Investor and collectively, the Investors entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to the Investors in a private placement (the Private Placement (i) an aggregate of 876,627 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a purchase price of 3.72 per share, and (ii) to certain investors, in lieu of shares of common stock, 1,008,102 pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants at a price per Pre-Funded Warrant of 3.71 (the Warrant Shares and together with the Shares, the Securities with an exercise price of 0.01. As of September 30, 2024 the Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised in full. 
 The Private Placement closed on March 19, 2024. We received gross proceeds of approximately 7.0 million, before deducting offering expenses payable by us. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to the process of our critical accounting estimates as they were reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024. 

Application of Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. There were no material changes to our critical accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report. A description of certain accounting policies that may have a significant impact on amounts reported in the financial statements is disclosed in Note 3 Summary of Accounting Policies to the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in the Annual Report. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management of the Company, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (its Certifying Officers), evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation as of September 30, 2024, the Company s Certifying Officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management of the Company, with the participation of its Certifying Officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, claims are made against the Company in the ordinary course of business, which could result in litigation. Claims and associated litigation are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable outcomes could occur, such as monetary damages, fines, penalties, or injunctions prohibiting us from selling our products or engaging in other activities. 
 medac Matter 
 See Note 14 - Commitment and Contingencies - Litigation, Claims and Assessments - medac Matter for more information. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2024. Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties, and those described in our Annual Report may not be the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business, financial condition or results of operations. If any of these risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. 
 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no Section 16 officers and directors , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act). 
 There were no non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act , modified or during the three months ended September 30, 2024 by our Section 16 officers or directors. 
 CBIZ Acquisition of Marcum LLP 
 On November 1, 2024, CBIZ, Inc. acquired substantially all of the non-attest assets of Marcum LLP. In a separate transaction, CBIZ CPAs P.C., a national independent certified public accounting firm with which CBIZ Inc. has an existing Administrative Services Agreement, purchased from Marcum LLP substantially all of Marcum s attest business assets. On August 2, 2024, Marcum LLP informed the Company that it would not be independent with respect to the completion of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, audit of the consolidated financial statements as a result of certain non-attest services that were performed by CBIZ, Inc. (stock warrants valuation) during the period under audit for the Company. For the following reasons, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and Marcum have each concluded, and are of the view that a reasonable investor with knowledge of all relevant facts and circumstances would conclude, that the provision of these services did not 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 impair Marcum LLP s objectivity and impartiality with respect to Marcum LLP s audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements: 
 
 1. All of the valuation work performed by CBIZ, Inc. was prior to July 31, 2024, when the proposed transaction between CBIZ, Inc. and Marcum LLP was announced. The audit engagement team was not aware of this proposed transaction prior to July 31st. The Marcum audit partner became aware on July 30th evening from a Partner meeting which was convened by the Marcum CEO. 
 
 2. CBIZ, Inc. services did not involve decision making and supervisory responsibilities over and on behalf of the Company management. 
 
 3. The Company terminated CBIZ, Inc. s engagement soon after being notified of this conflict and hired an unrelated third party to perform the September 30, 2024, valuation and to independently reperform the June 30, 2024, valuation. The unrelated third party developed the fair value estimates independent from CBIZ, Inc. and developed its methodology from inputs and assumptions provided by the Company and in consultation with the Company management. 
 
 4. No personnel from CBIZ, Inc. who worked on the Company s engagement will be part of the audit team or have any involvement in the audit. 
 
 5. The fee earned by CBIZ, Inc. for the non-attest services is insignificant to CBIZ, Inc., and the Company. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed September 25, 2019). 
 3.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated October 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2019). 
 3.3 Certificate of Correction to Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated October 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2019). 
 3.4 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, effective December 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2019). 
 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2020). 
 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated June 12, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2023). 
 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Preference, Rights and Limitations of the Series F Convertible Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 30, 2023). 
 3.8 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2024). 
 10.1 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 16, 2024, by and between Delcath Systems, Inc. and Gerard Michel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 19, 2024). 
 10.2 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 16, 2024, by and between Delcath Systems, Inc. and Sandra Pennell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 19, 2024). 
 10.3 Executive Employment Agreement, dated July 16, 2024, by and between Delcath Systems, Inc. and Kevin Muir (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 19, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 + Certification by Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 + Certification by Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 + This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Gerard Michel Gerard Michel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2024 
 /s/ Sandra Pennell Sandra Pennell Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dcth-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gerard Michel, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Delcath Systems, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 8, 2024 
 s Gerard Michel Gerard Michel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dcth-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sandra Pennell, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Delcath Systems, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 November 8, 2024 
 s Sandra Pennell Sandra Pennell Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dcth-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gerard Michel, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 November 8, 2024 
 s Gerard Michel Gerard Michel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Delcath Systems, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 dcth-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DELCATH SYSTEMS, INC. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sandra Pennell, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the eport fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 November 8, 2024 
 s Sandra Pennell Sandra Pennell Principal Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Delcath Systems, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dcth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dcth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dcth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dcth-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dcth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

