<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-Q_edgar_data_1755058_0001213900-24-110341.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3247484</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61762</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>891343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>580315</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>761426</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>891000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-110341.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241219092953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-110341
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATIF Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001755058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38876
		FILM NUMBER:		241561143

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630
		BUSINESS PHONE:		308-888-8888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25391 COMMERCENTRE DR., STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE FOREST
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92630

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Asia Times Holdings Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-110341.txt : 20241219

10-Q
 1
 ea0224664-10q_atifhold.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Not Applicable (State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ., , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (ZIP Code) 

- 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area
Code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address
and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered The Stock Market 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES 
NO 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
YES NO 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of December 19, 2024,
there were of the registrant s ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I-FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 23 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 
 24 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 25 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 25 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 25 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 26 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 27 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements. The statements herein which are not historical reflect our current expectations and
projections about the Company s future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects and opportunities and are
based upon information currently available to us and our management and our interpretation of what we believe to be significant factors
affecting our business, including many assumptions about future events. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding,
among other things: 

our ability to produce, market
and generate sales of our products and services; 

our ability to develop and/or
introduce new products and services; 

our projected future sales,
profitability and other financial metrics; 

our future financing plans; 

our anticipated needs for working
capital; 

the anticipated trends in our
industry; 

our ability to expand our sales
and marketing capability; 

acquisitions of other companies
or assets that we might undertake in the future; 

competition existing today
or that will likely arise in the future; and 

other factors discussed elsewhere
herein. 

Forward-looking statements, which
involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, 
 should, will, plan, could, target, contemplate, predict, 
 potential, continue, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, 
 intend, seek, or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these or similar
words. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties and other
factors, including the ability to raise sufficient capital to continue the Company s operations. These statements may be found under
Part I, Item 2- Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations, as well as elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, matters described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

In light of these risks and uncertainties,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will in fact occur. 

Potential investors should not
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances
or any other reason. 

The forward-looking
statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Such
statements are presented only as a guide about future possibilities and do not represent assured events, and we anticipate that
subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking
statements as representing our views as of any date after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q also contains estimates and other statistical data prepared by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and
other data about our industry. These estimates and data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and potential investors are cautioned
not to give undue weight to these estimates and data. We have not independently verified the statistical and other industry data generated
by independent parties and contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our
future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and risk. 

Potential investors should not
make an investment decision based solely on our projections, estimates or expectations. 

ii 

PART I. 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, 
 2024 
 July
31, 
2024 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable a related party 

Deposits 

Investment in trading securities 

Due from a related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of- use assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Long-term payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Revenues 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expenses, net 
 
 -

Other income, net 

Gain (loss) from investment in trading securities 

Total other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 -
 
 -

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND
2023 

Ordinary Share 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at October 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Balance at July 31, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Capital contribution 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at October 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Three Months Ended October 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Expected credit loss allowance 
 -

Gain (loss) from investment in trading securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Accounts receivable a related party 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Contract liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 -

Investment in trading securities 
 -

Proceeds from redemption of investment in trading securities 
 
 -

Loans made to a related party 
 -

Collection of borrowings from a related party 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest expenses 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income tax 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of Non-cash financing activities 

Capital contribution from a shareholder in the form of trading securities 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

ATIF Investment LLC ATIF Investment ATIF BD owned by ATIF USA ATIF BC owned by ATIF USA ATIF BM owned by ATIF USA 

5 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively, and operating cash outflows approximately
 million and operating cash inflows of approximately million. In assessing the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future to support its operating
and capital expenditure commitments. Because of a history of net losses from operations, cash out from operating activities, and the requirement
of additional capital to fund our current operating plan at October 31, 2024, these factors indicate the existence of an uncertainty that
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of October 31, 2024, the Company had cash of approximately 
million, short-term investments in trading securities of approximately million, due from a related party of million and accounts
receivables of million due from a related party, which were highly liquid. On the other hand, the Company had current liabilities
of approximately million. The Company s cash and short-term investments in trading securities could well cover the current
liabilities. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on management s ability to successfully execute
its business plan, which includes increasing revenue while controlling operating cost and expenses to generate positive operating cash
flows and obtain financing from outside sources. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of
liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the
uncertainties described above. 

6 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

.
As of October 31, 2024, the accounts receivable was solely from a related party, which committed to repay the outstanding balance in
December 2024. The Company did not provide allowance for credit losses for the three months ended October 31, 2024. 

and a loss of from investments in trading securities for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 

7 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

was contracted but not yet recognized as revenues. 

8 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Revenue Recognition (continued) 

likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more
likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified
as income tax expense in the period incurred. The Company did not have unrecognized uncertain tax positions or any unrecognized liabilities,
interest or penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit as of October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, all of the Company s
income tax returns for the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2023 remain open for statutory examination
by relevant tax authorities. 

9 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

operating segment with reporting segment as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, which is the
consulting service business. 

deposited in the banks located in the U.S., which were insured by FDIC up to , and held cash and
cash equivalents of deposited in the investment bank accounts located in the U.S. 

, and of the Company s consolidated revenue, respectively. 

and of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable, respectively. 

10 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

11 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Others 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was and for the
three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

ordinary shares of a listed company granted by a shareholder as capital contribution. The ordinary
shares were granted on October 28, 2024 and were subject to 1933Act restrictions until March 2025. As of October 31, 2024,
the fair value of the ordinary shares was . The Company initially accounted for the share as investment in
trading securities at fair value by reference to the prevailing market price on shares grant date, and subsequently measure the
share awards at fair value. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company recognized an increase in fair value of investments of and a decrease in fair value of , respectively. 

12 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. 

The Company elected the package of practical expedients,
which allows the Company to not reassess whether any existing contracts contain a lease, to not reassess historical lease classification
as operating or finance leases, and to not reassess initial direct costs. The Company has not elected the practical expedient to use hindsight
to determine the lease term for its leases at transition. The Company combines the lease and non-lease components in determining the right-of-use ROU assets and related lease obligation. Adoption of this standard resulted in the recording of operating lease ROU assets
and corresponding operating lease liabilities as disclosed below. ROU assets and related lease obligations are recognized at commencement
date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

13 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 OPERATING LEASES (continued) 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Investment securities payable 
 -

Others 

Other long-term liabilities: 

Accrued litigation fee, noncurrent (a) 

. The compensation is payable in three instalments, with first instalment of payable with
execution of settlement agreement, the second instalment of payable before March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of 
payable before December 31, 2025. In September 2024, the Company paid the first instalment. Accordingly, the Company recorded accrued
litigation fees of and as current liabilities as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. The remaining
 was recorded as noncurrent liabilities as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. 

ordinary shares of a listed company by a shareholder as capital contribution. The ordinary shares were subject to 1933 Act
restrictions until March 2025. The Company initially accounted for the share as investment in trading securities at
fair value of , with corresponding account charged to additional paid-in capital . 

14 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Huaya Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. Zachary Group LLC Zachary Group 

-

In June 2022, the Company entered into an office lease
agreement with Zachary Group. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company would lease the office space for a lease term of ,
matured in May 2027. The monthly rental fee was , payable on a monthly basis. On March 1, 2024, the Company and Zachary Group modified
the lease agreement to reduce the lease term and office space. The modified agreement was for a lease term of years through February
2026, and monthly rental fee was , payable on a monthly basis. For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recorded rental expenses of and , respectively. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company did not collected
or repaid loans to related parties. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2023, the Company repaid loans of
 to Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. The loans were interest free and was repayable on demand. For the three months
ended October 31, 2023, the Company collected loans of from Huaya. 

3) 
 Balances with related parties 

Other receivable: 

Asia International Securities Exchange Co., Ltd. (a) 

for security purchase. However the transaction was subsequently canceled. The Company fully collect the prepayments as of the date of this report. 

15 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

and state tax rate is
 . The Company also evaluated the impact from the recent tax reforms in the United States, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,
and Economic Security Act CARES Act and Health and Economic Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions Act HERO Act ),
which both were passed in 2020, no material impact on the Company is expected based on the analysis. The Company will continue to
monitor the potential impact going forward. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did
not incur income tax expenses. 

The Company s deferred tax assets primarily
derived from the net operating loss NOL ). The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred
tax assets, and reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the extent it believes a portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization
of the deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation of future income, the carry forward periods
available for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. As of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, management believes that the
realization of the deferred tax assets appears to be uncertain and may not be realizable in the near future. Therefore, a valuation
allowance has been provided against the deferred tax assets. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes
using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition
by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit,
including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount that is more than likely of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized
and recorded as necessary in the provision for income taxes. In the case of transfer pricing issues, the statute of limitation is ten
years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax evasion. There were no uncertain tax positions as of October 31, 2024 and
July 31, 2024 and the Company does not believe that its unrecognized tax benefits will change over the next twelve months. 

16 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

to Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments,
the first instalment of is payable upon execution of the settlement agreement, the second instalment of is payable before
March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of 250,000 is payable before December 31, 2025. 

Pending Legal Proceeding with J.P Morgan Securities
LLC JPMS 

On December 22, 2023, J.P Morgan Securities LLC JPMS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, bearing Case Number 30-2023-01369978-CU-FR-CJC against ATIF Holdings
Limited Holdings ), ATIF Inc., ATIF-1 GP, LLC (ATIF-1 GP ), and two officers of Holdings and ATIF Inc., Jun Liu and
Zhiliang Ian Zhou, alleging and asserting that it is entitled to recover in damages plus interest and attorneys 
fees relating to a stock transaction by ATIF-1 GP. 

The parties have agreed to attempt to mediate the
dispute before proceeding to litigation. A mediation was held on May 6, 2024, but the parties could not come to a resolution. The
Defendants time to respond to the lawsuit was May 20, 2024. On May 15, 2024, the Defendants filed a Petition with the Superior
Court of California seeking to compel arbitration under the operative agreements and stay the underlying State Court action. On or about
August 16, 2024, the parties agreed that JPMS and ATIF-1 GP, LLC would submit any disputes between the two of them only, to FINRA arbitration,
and stay the California state court case pending such arbitration. At this time, the management is still in the process of evaluating
the claims and defenses. 

17 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis should be read together with the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and the consolidated
financial statements and notes included therein (collectively, the 2024 Annual Report ), as well as the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this report. Pursuant to Instruction 2 to paragraph (b) of Item 303
of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, in preparing this discussion and analysis, the Company has presumed that readers have access
to and have read the disclosure under the same heading contained in the 2024 Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements. Please see the cautionary note regarding these statements at the beginning of this report. 

Business Overview 

We offer financial consulting
services to small and medium-sized enterprise customers in Asia and North America. Our goal is to become an international financial consulting
company with clients and offices throughout Asia. Since our inception in 2015, the focus of our consulting business has been providing
comprehensive going public consulting services designed to help SMEs become public companies on suitable markets and exchanges. 

On January 4, 2021, we established
an office in California, USA, through our wholly owned subsidiary ATIF Inc., a California corporation, and launched, in addition to our
business consulting services, additional service models consisting of asset management, investment holding and media services to expand
our business with a flexible business concept to achieve a goal of high growth revenue and strong profit growth. 

Our financial consulting services 

We launched our consulting services
in 2015. Our aim was to assist Chinese enterprises by filling the gaps and forming a bridge between PRC companies and overseas stock markets
and exchanges. We have a team of qualified and experienced personnel with legal, regulatory, and language expertise in several jurisdictions
outside the U.S. Our services were designed to help small and medium-sized enterprises SME in China achieve their goal
of becoming public companies. In May 2022, we shifted our geographic focus from China to North America emphasizing on helping mid and
small companies in North America become public companies on the U.S. capital markets. We would create a going public strategy for each
client based on many factors of such client, including our assessment of the client s financial and operational situations, market
conditions, and the client s business and financing requirements. Since our inception and up to the date of this report, we have
successfully helped nine Chinese enterprises to be quoted on the U.S. OTC markets and are currently assisting our other clients in their
respective going public efforts. Most of our current and past clients have been Chinese, U.S. and Mexican companies, and we plan to expand
our operations to other Asian countries, such as Malaysia, Vietnam, and Singapore with continuing focus on the North American market in
the coming years. 

For
the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we provided consulting services to none and three customers, respectively, which
primarily engaged the Company to provide consulting services relating to going public in the US through IPO, reverse merger and
acquisition. From April 2022 through the date of this report, the Company entered into consulting agreements with nine customers,
among which three are based in the North America. 

Our total revenue generated from consulting services amounted to nil
and approximately 0.1 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

18 

Key Factors that Affect our Business 

We believe the following key factors
may affect our consulting services: 

Our business success depends on our ability to acquire customers
effectively. 

Our customer acquisition channels
primarily include our sales and marketing campaigns and existing customer referrals. In order to acquire customers, we have made significant
efforts in building mutually beneficial long-term relationships with local government, academic institutions, and local business associations.
In addition, we also market our consulting services through social media, such as WeChat and Weibo. If any of our current customer acquisition
channels becomes less effective, we are unable to continue to use any of these channels or we are not successful in using new channels,
we may not be able to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner or convert potential customers into active customers or even lose
our existing customers to our competitors. To the extent that our current customer acquisition and retention efforts become less effective,
our service revenue may be significantly impacted, which would have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our consulting business faces strong market competition. 

We are currently facing intense
market competition. Some of our current or potential competitors have significantly more financial, technical, marketing, and other resources
than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and support of their customer acquisition and retention
channels. In light of the low barriers to entry into the financial consulting industry, we expect more players to enter this market and
increase the level of competition. Our ability to differentiate our services from other competitors will have a significant impact on
our business growth in the future. 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

We rely heavily on the expertise
and leadership of our directors and officers to maintain our core competence. Under their leadership, we have been able to achieve rapid
expansion and significant growth since our inception in 2015. As our business scope increases, we expect to continue to invest significant
resources in hiring and retaining a deep talent pool of financial consultancy professionals. Our ability to sustain our growth will depend
on our ability to attract qualified personnel and retain our current staff. 

19 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes
the results of our operations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and provides information regarding the
dollar and percentage increase or (decrease) during such periods. 

For the three months ended 
 Changes 

October 31, 2024 
 October 31, 2023 
 Amount Increase (Decrease) 
 Percentage Increase (Decrease) 

Revenues 
 - 
 125,000 
 (125,000 
 (100 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 72,000 
 72,000 
 - 
 0 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 449,109 
 709,779 
 (260,670 
 (37 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 521,109 
 781,779 
 (260,670 
 (33 

Loss from operations 
 (521,109 
 (656,779 
 (135,670 
 (21 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expenses, net 
 (18 
 - 
 18 
 100 
 
 Other income, net 
 5,895 
 140,720 
 (134,825 
 (96 
 
 Gain (loss) from investment in trading securities 
 148,158 
 (109,404 
 (257,562 
 (235 
 
 Total other income, net 
 154,035 
 31,316 
 122,719 
 392 

Loss before income taxes 
 (367,074 
 (625,463 
 (258,389 
 (41 

Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0 
 
 Net loss 
 (367,074 
 (625,463 
 (258,389 
 (41 

Revenues. Our
total revenue decreased by approximately 0.1 million, or 100 , from approximately 0.1 million for the three months ended October 31,
2023, to nil in for the three months ended October 31, 2024. 

For the three months ended
October 31, 2024, we did not provided services to customers and did not recognize revenues. For the three months ended October 31, 2023,
we provided certain IPO assistance services to three customers and recognized revenues of 0.1 million. 

General and administrative
expenses. Our general and administrative expenses decreased by approximately 0.3 million, or 37 , from approximately 0.7 million
for the three months ended October 31, 2023, to approximately 0.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024. 

20 

Our general and administrative
expenses primarily consisted of salary and welfare expenses of management and administrative team, professional expenses, office expenses,
operating lease expenses. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a decrease of approximately 0.2 million
in payroll expenses because we adjusted monthly payroll expenses to Mr. Jun Liu from 20,000 to 1 since February 2024, and a decrease
of approximately 0.1 million in office expenses. 

Gain (loss) from investment
in trading securities. Loss from investment in trading securities represented fair value changes from investment in trading securities,
which was measured at market price. For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an investment gain of approximately
 0.1 million and an investment loss of approximately 0.1 million, respectively. 

Income taxes. We
are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, we are not subject to tax on income
or capital gains in the British Virgin Islands. Additionally, upon payments of dividends to the shareholders, no British Virgin Islands
withholding tax will be imposed. 

ATIF Inc, ATIF BD, ATIF BC and
ATIF BM were established in the U.S and are subject to federal and state income taxes on its business operations. The federal tax rate
is 21 and state tax rate is 8.84 . We also evaluated the impact from the recent tax reforms in the United States, including the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and Health and Economic Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions Act HERO
Act ), which were both passed in 2020, No material impact on the ATIF US is expected based on our analysis. We will continue to
monitor the potential impact going forward. 

For the three months ended
October 31, 2024 and 2023, we did not recognized income tax expenses. 

Net income (loss). 
As a result of foregoing, net loss was approximately 0.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024, a decrease of approximately
 0.2 million from net loss of 0.6 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

To date, we have financed our
operations primarily through cash flows from operations, working capital loans from our major shareholders, proceeds from our initial
public offering, and equity financing through public offerings of our securities. We plan to support our future operations primarily from
cash generated from our operations and cash on hand. However, the Company may need to raise the cash flow from related parties, and there
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

Liquidity and Going concern 

For the three months ended
October 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company reported a net loss of approximately 0.4 million and 0.6 million, respectively, and operating
cash outflows approximately 0.8 million and operating cash inflows of approximately 0.2 million. In assessing the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, the Company monitors and analyzes its cash and its ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future
to support its operating and capital expenditure commitments. Because of a history of net losses from operations, cash out from operating
activities, and the requirement of additional capital to fund our current operating plan at October 31, 2024, these factors indicate the
existence of an uncertainty that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of October 31, 2024, the
Company had cash of approximately 0.5 million, short-term investments in trading securities of approximately 4.2 million, due from a
related party of 0.9 million and accounts receivables of 0.2 million due from a related party, which were highly liquid. On the other
hand, the Company had current liabilities of approximately 0.6 million. The Company s cash and short-term investments in trading
securities could well cover the current liabilities. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on management s
ability to successfully execute its business plan, which includes increasing revenue while controlling operating cost and expenses to
generate positive operating cash flows and obtain financing from outside sources. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of
liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the
uncertainties described above. 

21 

We have not declared nor
paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. We do not plan to pay any dividends out of our restricted net assets as of October 31,
2024. 

Cash Flow 

The following table sets forth summary of our cash
flows for the periods indicated: 

For the Three Months
 Ended October 31, 

2024 

2023 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(800,628) 

195,353 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

9,016 

(440,150) 
 
 Net decrease in cash 

(791,612) 

(244,797) 
 
 Cash, beginning of period 

1,249,376 

606,022 

Cash, end of period 

457,764 

361,225 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately 0.8 million in three months ended October 31, 2024. Net cash used in operating activities was primarily
comprised of net loss of approximately 0.4 million, adjusted for gain of approximately 0.1 million from investment in trading securities,
and net changes in our operating assets and liabilities, principally comprising of a decrease of approximately 0.4 million in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities because we paid litigation liabilities of approximately 0.3 million. 

Net cash provided by operating activities
was 0.2 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities was primarily comprised of net loss
of 0.6 million, adjusted for a loss of 0.1 million from investment in trading securities, and net changes in our operating assets and
liabilities, principally comprising of (i) a increase of accounts receivable of 0.6 million due from a related party because we collected
outstanding balance from the related party; (ii) a decrease of 57,030 in prepaid expenses and other current assets because we amortized
prepaid promotion expenses in the amount of 72,000; (iii) a decrease of 70,000 in deferred revenues because the customers terminated
agreements with the Company and the Company would not refund the advances from customers; and (iv) a decrease of 83,842 in accrued expenses
and other current liabilities. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash provided by investing
activities was 9,016 for the three months ended October 31, 2024, primarily consisting of proceeds of 9,016 from redemption of investment
in trading securities. 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 0.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily consisting of payments of 0.4 million as investments in trading
securities. 

22 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimate 

We prepare our audited consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires our management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. As a result, management is required to routinely make judgments and estimates about
the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different conditions or assumptions. 

Critical accounting policy is
both material to the presentation of financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that
could have a material effect on financial condition or results of operations. Accounting estimates and assumptions may become critical
when they are material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility
of such matters to change, and that have a material impact on financial condition or operating performance. 

Critical accounting estimates
are estimates that require us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate were made
and if different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably
likely occur from period to period, have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition
or results of operations. Due to the level of activity and lack of complex transactions, we believe there are currently no critical accounting
policies and estimates that affect the preparation of our financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, which is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) of the
Exchange Act, as of October 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of October 31, 2024, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
and furnish under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our conclusion is based on the fact that we do not have sufficient full-time
accounting and financial reporting personnel with appropriate levels of accounting knowledge and experience to monitor the daily recording
of transactions, to address complex U.S. GAAP accounting issues and the related disclosures under U.S. GAAP. In addition, there was a
lack of sufficient documented financial closing procedure and a lack of risk assessment in accordance with COSCO 2013 framework. Our management
is currently in the process of evaluating the steps necessary to remediate the ineffectiveness, such as (i) hiring more qualified
accounting personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the financial reporting function
and to set up a financial and system control framework, and (ii) implementing regular and continuous U.S. GAAP accounting and financial
reporting training programs for our accounting and financial reporting personnel, and (iii) establishing an internal audit function and
standardizing the Company s semi-annual and year-end closing and financial reporting processes. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Except as disclosed above, there have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during three months ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

PART II 

OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. Except for the litigation disclosed below, we are not currently a party to any legal or arbitration proceeding the outcome
of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. 

On May
14, 2020, Boustead filed a lawsuit against the Company and Leaping Group Co., Ltd. a limited liability organized under the laws of Cayman
Islands LGC for breaching the underwriting agreement Boustead had with each of the Company and LGC, in which Boustead
was separately engaged as the exclusive financial advisor to provide financial advisory services to the Company and LGC. 

In April
2020, the Company acquired 51.2 equity interest in LGC after LGC terminated its efforts to launch an IPO on its own. Boustead alleged
that the acquisition transaction between the Company and LGC was entered into during the lockup period of the exclusive agreement between
Boustead and LGC, and therefore deprived Boustead of compensation that Boustead would otherwise have been entitled to receive under its
exclusive agreement with LGC. Therefore, Boustead is attempting to recover from the Company an amount equal to a percentage of the value
of the transaction it conducted with LGC. 

Boustead s
Complaint alleged four causes of action against the Company, including breach of contract; breach of the implied covenant of good faith
and fair dealing; tortious interference with business relationships and quantum meruit. 

On October
6, 2020, we filed a motion to dismiss Boustead s Complaint pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) and 12(b)(5). On
October 9, 2020, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York directed Boustead to respond to the motion or
amend its Complaint by November 10, 2020. Boustead opted to amend its complaint and filed the amended complaint on November 10, 2020.
Boustead s first amended complaint asserted the same four causes of action against LGC and us as its original complaint. We filed
another motion to dismiss Boustead s amended complaint on December 8, 2020. 

On August
25, 2021, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted ATIF s motion to dismiss Boustead s
first amended complaint. In its order and opinion, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York allowed Boustead
to move for leave to amend its causes of action against us as to breach of contract and tortious interference with business relationships,
but not breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing and quantum meruit. On November 4, 2021, Boustead filed a motion
seeking leave to file a second amended complaint to amend its cause of action for Breach of Contract. The Court granted Boustead s
motion for leave and Boustead filed the second amended complaint on December 28, 2021 alleging only breach of contract and dropping all
other causes of action alleged in the original complaint. On January 18, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Boustead s
second amended complaint. Boustead filed its opposition on February 1, 2022 and the Company replied on February 8, 2022. 

On July
6, 2022, the Court denied our motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. Thereafter, on August 3, 2022, the Company filed a motion
to compel arbitration. Briefing on the Company s motion to compel concluded on August 23, 2022 Since the agreement between ATIF
and Boustead contains a valid arbitration clause that applies to Boustead s breach of contract claim, and the parties have not engaged
in discovery, on February 14, 2023, the Court ordered that ATIF s motion to compel arbitration is granted and this case is stayed
pending arbitration. 

24 

On March
10, 2023, Boustead, filed Demand for Arbitration against ATIF (the Respondent) before JAMS in California and the assigned JAMS case Ref.
No. is 5220002783. On May 25, 2023, ATIF filed its answer to deny Boustead s Demand for Arbitration, which was unsuccessful and
the arbitration process was initiated. The arbitrator ordered a motion to be filed by Boustead for a determination of contact interpretation,
prior to extensive discovery into issues such as the alleged merits and damages, and to determine whether the contract interpretation
should allow the matter to further proceed. Boustead had filed the Motion for Contract Interpretation Determination. ATIF filed its opposition
to that Motion on October 16, 2023. The hearing on the motion was held on November 8, 2023, during which the arbitrator extended the hearing
to February 29, 2024. The arbitrator also established December 15, 2023, as the deadline for Boustead to submit its reply regarding the
contract interpretation issues raised by the Company. Simultaneously, the Company was granted until February 12, 2024, to present its
response brief. 

On September 24, 2024, the
Company and Boustead entered into a settlement agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall pay a total amount of 1,000,000 to
Boustead. The payment is made in three instalments, the first instalment of 250,000 is payable upon execution of the settlement
agreement, the second instalment of 500,000 is payable before March 1, 2025, and the final instalment of 250,000 is payable
before December 31, 2025. 

On December
22, 2023, J.P Morgan Securities LLC JPMS filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, County of Orange, bearing
Case Number 30-2023-01369978-CU-FR-CJC against ATIF Holdings Limited Holdings ), ATIF Inc., ATIF-1 GP, LLC (ATIF-1 GP ),
and two officers of Holdings and ATIF Inc., Jun Liu and Zhiliang Ian Zhou,alleging and asserting that it is entitled to
recover 5,064,160 in damages plus interest and attorneys fees relating to a stock transaction by ATIF-1 GP. 

The parties have agreed to attempt to mediate the dispute before proceeding
to litigation. A mediation was held on May 6, 2024, but the parties could not come to a resolution. The Defendants time to respond
to the lawsuit was May 20, 2024. On May 15, 2024, the Defendants filed a Petition with the Superior Court of California seeking to compel
arbitration under the operative agreements and stay the underlying State Court action. On or about August 16, 2024, the parties agreed
that JPMS and ATIF-1 GP, LLC would submit any disputes between the two of them only, to FINRA arbitration, and stay the California state
court case pending such arbitration. At this time, the management is still in the process of evaluating the claims and defenses. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a
smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALE OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

25 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are
filed herewith: 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 accompany this quarterly report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jun Liu 

Jun Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

ATIF HOLDINGS LIMITED 

December 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Yue Ming 

Yue Ming 

Chief Financial Officer 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022466401ex31-1_atifhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) UNDER THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jun Liu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ATIF Holdings
Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 19, 2024 

By: /s/ Jun Liu 

Jun Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022466401ex31-2_atifhold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) UNDER THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Yue Ming, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ATIF Holdings
Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 19, 2024 

By: /s/ Yue Ming 

Yue Ming 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 atif-20241031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 atif-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 atif-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 atif-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 atif-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

