<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1871638_0001410578-24-001835.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6671532</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146179</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1115941</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1980631</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1309985</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1982494</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-001835.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108163520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-001835
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BurTech Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001871638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41139
		FILM NUMBER:		241441244

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7770 NORFOLK AVE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2027908050

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7770 NORFOLK AVE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-001835.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 brkh-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of The The The Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12 b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding and 5 shares of Class B Shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Condensed consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 2 Condensed consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 3 Condensed consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30,2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 4 Condensed consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 5 Notes to Condensed consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 6 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 29 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 38 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 38 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 39 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 39 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 39 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 40 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 40 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 40 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 40 Item 6. EXHIBITS 41 SIGNATURES 42 

 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets: Current assets: Cash Restricted Cash Due from sponsor Trust Account - Restricted for Redeeming Shareholders Prepaid expenses and other Assets Total current assets Investments held in Trust Account Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accrued expenses Franchise tax payable Due to Trust Account Redeemed stock payable to public stockholders Convertible promissory note - related party Advances from sponsor Income tax payable Derivative Liability - Backstop Subscription Agreement Excise Tax Payable Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of approximately and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption and shares to be redeemed) as of December 31, 2023, respectively. Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating costs Franchise Tax Expense Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income: Interest income earned on Trust Change in fair value of derivative liability Backstop Subscription Agreement ) ) Total other income, net (Loss) income before provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock subject to redemption, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock, Class A subject to redemption Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common stock, non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock, basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of January 1, 2024 ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) Stockholder Non-Redemption Agreement Stockholder Non-Redemption Agreement ) ) Excise tax liability arising from redemption of Class A shares ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Accretion for common stock subject to redemption amount ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of derivative liability Backstop Subscription Agreement Changes in current assets and liabilities: Other Assets ) Accrued expenses Franchise tax payable Income tax payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes Principal deposits into Trust Account for Extension ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemptions Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from Advances from sponsor Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party Redemption of Common Stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and restricted cash ) ) Cash and restricted cash, beginning of the period Cash and restricted cash, end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash Paid for Income Taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Excise tax liability arising from redemption of Class A shares Accretion of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Reconciliation of Cash and Restricted Cash: Cash Beginning of period Restricted Cash Beginning of period Cash and Restricted Cash Beginning of period Cash End of period Restricted Cash End of Period Cash and Restricted Cash End of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO C ONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited or more businesses (the Business Combination ).The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. The Company has wholly owned inactive subsidiary, Burtech Merger Sub Inc. (the Merger Sub ), a Delaware corporation, formed on December 6, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through September 30,2024 relates to the Company s formation and the Initial Public Offering (the IPO ). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s sponsor is BurTech LP LLC, (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective on December 10, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On December 15, 2021, the Company completed the IPO of units, including units from the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, at per unit (the Units ), which is discussed in Note 3 (the Initial Public Offering ). Each Unit consists of Class A common stock and redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A common stock at a price of per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, including units from the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, at a price of per units, generate an aggregate of proceeds. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, fair value of class A shares issued to the underwriters and of other offering costs. In addition, of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. The Underwriting Agreement was amended subsequent to the balance sheet date, refer to Note 9. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). Nasdaq rules require that a company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. The board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of the initial Business Combination. If the board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the initial Business Combination, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While the Company considers it unlikely that the board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of the initial Business Combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial Business Combination must be approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors. 

 6 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units was deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations and up to of interest that may be used for the Company s dissolution expenses, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the placement units held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or certain amendments to the Company s charter prior thereto or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. The Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in the Company s discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. The Company will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per public share, however, there is no guarantee that investors will receive per share upon redemption. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation which was adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, and was amended by certificates of amendment on March 10, 2023 and December 11, 2023 (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. The shares of common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

 7 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. The Company has extended the Combination Period in which the Company may complete the Initial Business Combination on March 10, 2023 (see below). If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (and the stockholders have not approved an amendment to the Company s charter extending this time period), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. On February 24, 2023, the Company issued a press release stating that it has entered into a non-binding letter of intent for a potential business combination with CleanBay Renewables Inc., a late-stage enviro-tech company focused on the production of sustainable renewable natural gas, green hydrogen and natural controlled-release fertilizer. On March 10, 2023, the Company and Sponsor entered into a non-redemption agreements Non-Redemption Agreements with one or more unaffiliated third party or parties in exchange for such third party or third parties agreeing not to redeem up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the special meeting of the stockholders called by the Company (the Special Meeting ), In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party or third parties up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock held by the Sponsor immediately following the consummation of an initial business combination if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Special Meeting. During the Special Meeting the Shareholders approved an extension of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination from March 15, 2023 to December 15, 2023 (the Extension ), and to amend the Trust Management Agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Company, dated as of December 10, 2021. On March 10, 2023, the Company s stockholders redeemed shares. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had shares of Class A common stock outstanding, and approximately million remained in the Company s trust account. On June 30, 2023, the Company s non-binding letter of intent for a potential business combination with CleanBay Renewables Inc. expired. Following thorough initial negotiations, the Company has chosen not to pursue the business combination. On October 11, 2023, the Company received a notification letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of NASDAQ indicating that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) (the Listing Rule for failing to maintain a minimum of 400 Total Holders for continued listing, which is required by the Nasdaq Global Market. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market. The Notice states that the Company has 45 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until November 27, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Listing Rule, and if accepted, Nasdaq may grant the Company up to 180 calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until April 8, 2024, to regain compliance. BurTech submitted a plan to Nasdaq to regain compliance with the Listing Rule on November 27, 2023. On April 16, 2024, the Company reported 522 total holders of stock, meeting the minimum 400 total holders requirement for The Nasdaq Global Market as per Listing Rule 5450(a)(2). The Company has received confirmation of compliance from Staff on April 26, 2024, closing the matter. 

 8 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)) times, each such extension for an additional one 1 month period (each an Extension ), until December 15, 2024, by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of per unredeemed share of Class A common stock or (the Extension Payment for each one-month Extension. The Company s stockholders redeemed shares during the Second Special Meeting. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such shareholders. This amount was removed from the Trust Account on January 5, 2024 to pay such shareholders. On January 16, 2024, February 9, 2024, and March 12, 2024, the Sponsor deposited on each date into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from January 15, 2024 to April 15, 2024. On April 10, 2024, May 10, 2024, June 12, 2024, July 12, 2024, August 14, 2024, September 21, 2024 and October 15, 2024 the Sponsor deposited on each date into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from April 15, 2024 to November 15, 2024. In addition, the Company has agreed that funds held in the Company s trust account, including any interest thereon, will not be used to pay for any excise tax liabilities with respect to any future redemptions prior to or in connection with the Extension, an initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. The Sponsor of the Company will pay the excise tax when it becomes due. The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or certain amendments to the Company s charter prior thereto or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. On June 3, 2024, the Company received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 with SEC, the Company was not in compliance with the requirements for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). 

 9 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 in its restricted cash account and in investments held in trust. Restricted cash is held exclusively for payment of current tax liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represents interest income. Our liquidity needs up to September 30, 2024 had been satisfied through a payment from our sponsor of for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs, the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of , working capital advances from the Sponsor and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering held outside of the trust account. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding under a Convertible Promissory Note and outstanding as advances from sponsor. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company expects it will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company was less than seven months from its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing of Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company has extended its liquidation date to December 15, 2024. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Management has determined that the liquidity condition due to insufficient working capital, described above, and mandatory liquidation raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date the condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 10 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 from the trust account for the purposes of settling its current tax liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2023 the Company identified that was erroneously withdrawn from the trust account and used for operating expenses. The sponsor has committed to reimburse the Company for this amount, ensuring that the trust account will be made whole. The amounts due from the sponsor and related payable to the trust account at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 amounted to and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance in restricted cash in the amount of and , respectively, on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, represents amounts withheld from the trust account available exclusively for payment of current tax liabilities. Class B Shares to Class A Shares. In prior financial statements it was reflected that were transferred from Class B shares to Class A shares. This revision only impacts the condensed consolidated statements of equity whereas shares are shown as Class B Shares and Class A shares are shown as . There are no other impacts to the Company s financials. 

 11 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company also had and of restricted cash, respectively, related to funds withdrawn from the Trust Account reserved to the payment of taxes. and (as of December 31, 2023, of this amount was restricted for redeeming shareholders, which were redeemed in December 2023 and subsequently distributed in January 2024.) respectively, in investments held in the Trust Account, which primarily consist of investments in mutual funds that invest in U.S. government securities, cash, or a combination thereof. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in gain on Investments Held in Trust Account in the 

 12 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. as a result of the IPO (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, fair value of the Class A common stock issued to the underwriters and of other offering costs). unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s provision for income taxes included for interest and penalties. The is included in income taxes payable on the Company s condensed balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

 13 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and the deductibility of penalties on tax obligations and merger and acquisition costs. While ASC 740 identifies usage of an effective annual tax rate for purposes of an interim provision, it does allow for estimating individual elements in the current period if they are significant, unusual or infrequent. Computing the effective tax rate for the Company is complicated due to the potential impact of the timing of any Business Combination expenses and the actual interest income that will be recognized during the year. The Company has taken a position as to the calculation of income tax expense in a current period based on ASC 740-270-25-3 which states, If an entity is unable to estimate a part of its ordinary income (or loss) or the related tax (benefit) but is otherwise able to make a reasonable estimate, the tax (or benefit) applicable to the item that cannot be estimated shall be reported in the interim period in which the item is reported. The Company believes its calculation to be a reliable estimate and allows it to properly take into account the usual elements that can impact its annualized book income and its impact on the effective tax rate. As such, the Company is computing its taxable income (loss) and associated income tax provision based on actual results through September 30, 2024. potential common stocks for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met and its inclusion would be anti- dilutive. As a result, diluted net income or loss per common stock is the same as basic net income or loss per common stock for the periods. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income or loss per share for each class of common stock: Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including common stock subject to redemption Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share 

 14 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including common stock subject to redemption Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share 

 15 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

16 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Units, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit that the Company is offering has a price of and consists of share of Class A common stock and redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. All of the shares of common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that common stock was issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of common stock classified as temporary equity is the allocated proceeds based on the guidance in ASC 470-20. The common stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480- 10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

 17 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Less: Redemptions ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 Private Placement Units, at a price of per unit, or in the aggregate, in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. Each Private Placement Unit will consist of share of Class A common stock and redeemable warrant. Each private warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Units until after the completion of the initial Business Combination. shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares ), for an aggregate price of . On September 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock in connection with a stock split, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding, of which shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised. On December 15, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined so that the founder shares, will represent, on an as-converted basis, of the outstanding shares after the IPO (excluding the shares of Class A common stock issued to the representative or its designees upon consummation of this offering, the placement units and securities underlying the placement units and assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase units in this offering). The initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares (or shares of common stock issuable upon conversion thereof) until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, if the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per 

 18 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 trading days within any -trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up ). Administrative Support Agreement Commencing on the effective date of the IPO, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and for the administrative service fees, respectively, of which are recorded as accrued expenses in the balance sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and paid and for the administrative service fees. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to of the Working Capital Loans made by the Sponsor, the Company s officers and directors, or the Company s or their affiliates to the Company prior to or in connection with the initial Business Combination may be convertible into units, at a price of per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of the Working Capital Loans by the Sponsor, the Company s officers and directors or their affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to the Working Capital Loans. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. On February 1, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company borrowed from the Sponsor for general corporate purposes. Such loan may, at the Sponsor s discretion, be converted into Units of the Company (as defined above), the conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such Payee by (y) . The terms of the Working Capital Shares will be identical to those of the Private Units that were issued to the Sponsor in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The Working Capital Loan will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor, if not converted or repaid on the effective date of a Business Combination involving the Company and one or more businesses. The maturity date of the Working Capital Loan may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined under the Working Capital Loan). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and in working capital loans were outstanding, respectively. Advances from Sponsor As of September 30, 2024, the Sponsor provided working capital and extension deposits on behalf of the Company. These amounts are reflected on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as advances from Sponsor. The advances are non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. At September 30, 2024, the Company had advances owed to the Sponsor in the amount of . At December 31, 2023 , the Company had such advances owed to the Sponsor. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received from its Sponsor for payment of operating expenses and ongoing business operations. Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Sponsor paid to the trust for extension payments. 

 19 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. Underwriting Agreement On December 15, 2021, the Company paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or , as part of the underwriting fee. Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the IPO gross proceeds or , as a result of the underwriter s over-allotment exercised in full upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. Representative shares On December 15, 2021, the Company issued to the representative or its designees of Class A common stock Representative Shares ). The aggregate fair value of the Representative shares was , or per share and recorded as offering costs. The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders equity. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without the Company s prior consent until the completion of its initial Business Combination. In addition, the holders of the Representative Shares have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO. The representative shares are deemed to be underwriters compensation by FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110. Please see Note 8 for valuation methodology and assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Representative Shares. Right of First Refusal Subject to certain conditions, the Company granted the representative, for a period of 15 months after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, an irrevocable right of first refusal to act as sole investment banker, sole book runner, and/or sole placement agent, at the representative s sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings for the Company or any of the Company s successors or current or future subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 

 20 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor immediately following the consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of such Founder Shares transferrable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreement to be or per share. The fair value was determined using the probability of a successful Business Combination of , an implied volatility of , and the value per shares as of the valuation date of derived from an option pricing model for publicly traded warrants. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in such Founder Shares. The excess of the fair value of such Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, in substance, it was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution by the Sponsor to induce these Non-Redeeming Stockholders not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, with a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital to recognize the fair value of the Founder Shares subject to transfer as an offering cost. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in the Company s ability to complete a business combination. Finally, based on recently issued interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury, subject to certain exceptions, the excise tax should not apply in the event of our liquidation. On March 10, 2023, in connection with the Company s Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders redeemed Class A shares of Common Stock for a total of . On December 11, 2023, in connection with the Company s Second Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders redeemed Class A shares of Common Stock for a total of , the amounts redeemed were paid out to stockholders on January 5, 2024. The Company evaluated the current status and probability of completing a Business Combination as of September 30, 2024 and concluded that it is probable that a contingent liability should be recorded. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded of excise tax liability calculated as of shares redeemed on March 10, 2023 and December 15, 2023. 

 21 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 in return for such advisory services (the Jefferies Fee provided, however, that up to of the Jefferies Fee may be deferred by BurTech for a period of up to 12 months subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination (the Deferred transaction Fee ). Jefferies is also entitled to reimbursement of out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by Jefferies in connection with the provision of such advisory services (the Jefferies Expenses ). The Jefferies Fee and the Jefferies Expenses will be paid in cash. Further, Jefferies has been granted a right of first refusal ROFR ), exercisable during the term of the engagement and for a period of thereafter, with respect to (a) any equity, equity-linked, debt or mezzanine financing or other investment in BurTech (if the ROFR is exercised, Jefferies is permitted to act as one of the lead bookrunning managers, one of the lead global coordinators, one of the lead placement agents and/or one of the joint lead arrangers, as applicable) or (b) any tender or exchange offer for, or consent solicitation with respect to, debt (including, without limitation, convertible debt) securities (if the ROFR is exercised, Jefferies is permitted to act as a nonexclusive solicitation agent for such tender or exchange offer and/or consent solicitation), with compensation in each case payable to Jefferies in an amount that is customary for a transaction of that type, with up to of that compensation able to be offset against the Deferred Transaction Fee if the relevant ROFR transaction closes prior to the expiry of the aforementioned 12-month period. Company Support Agreement On December 22, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Blaize entered into a Company Support Agreement (the Company Support Agreement with the Company and Blaize, pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed to, among other things, (i) support and vote in favor of (a) the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, (b) the conversion of each issued and outstanding share of preferred stock of Blaize into one share of Blaize Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (c) any other circumstances upon which a consent or other approval with respect to the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination. Sponsor Support Agreement On December 22, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and Blaize entered into an agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which, among other things, in connection with the Closing, the 

 22 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the Closing and (y) the liquidation of New Blaize. Stockholders Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Blaize will enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), with the Sponsor, Burkhan and certain other controlled affiliates of Burkhan (collectively, the Stockholder Group ), which will provide, among other things, that so long as the Stockholder Group beneficially owns, in the aggregate, ten percent or more of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of the New Blaize Common Stock, the Stockholder Group will have the right to designate two out of nine individuals to the Company s board of directors, subject to step-downs based on ownership of the New Blaize Common Stock as described in the Stockholders Agreement. Amendment to the Merger Agreement On April 22,2024, the Company entered into an amendment of its Merger Agreement which modified certain terms and conditions as follows: The Company entered into an additional letter agreement which modified its convertible note financing and certain lock-up provisions which will exist in the closing of the Company s Business Combination. The Company entered into an additional letter agreement in connection with its convertible note financing subject to funding conditions which will exist in the closing of the Company s Business Combination. The Sponsor and the Company entered into an additional letter agreement, under which the Sponsor agreed to forfeit Company Shares to be effective immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination. The Merger Agreement Amendment also revised the aggregate reserve size under the Equity Incentive Plan and ESPP to and the evergreen percentage for the Equity Incentive Plan to . 

 23 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 million to million. o Acknowledged that the Blaize Note Financing and the Blaize Warrant Financing constitute a Company Financing for all purposes of the Merger Agreement. o Added a new component to the definition of Base Merger Consideration , which is the product of (a) the number of shares of the Excluded Company Stock multiplied by (b) the Per Company Share Merger Consideration. o Added a new component to the definition of Available Acquiror Cash , which is the amount contributed by the Sponsor pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement and a new definition of Cash Ratio, which means the ratio equal to (x) Available Acquiror Cash, divided by (y) the Minimum Cash Amount. o Added a new definition of Proportionate Shares Number, which means (a) Company Shares multiplied by (b.) the Cash Ratio; (viii) Added a closing condition for the benefit of Blaize requiring that the sum of the Trust Amount plus the amount of funds received pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement shall be no less than the Backstop Amount. o Additionally, adjustments were made to various definitions and covenants to reflect the funding commitment of the Sponsor pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement and the amounts of certain convertible notes and pre-funded warrants Burkhan, its Affiliates or nominees purchased from the Company. 
 Amendment to Underwriting Agreement On April 26, 2024, the Company and EF Hutton amended the Underwriting Agreement signed on December 10, 2021. In lieu of the Company paying the full Deferred Underwriting Commission, EF Hutton agreed to accept a cash payment at the Closing of a Business Combination Once this payment is made according to the new terms, the Company s obligation to deliver the Deferred Underwriting Commission will be fulfilled. Backstop Subscription Agreement On April 22, 2024, the Sponsor entered into a backstop subscription agreement (the Backstop Subscription Agreement with the Company and Blaize. Pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement, in the event that the amount of cash in the Company s trust account following redemptions and before payment of expenses (the Trust Amount is less than (the Backstop Amount ), the Sponsor shall purchase, prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, a number of shares of Class A common stock of the Company equal to the quotient of (a) the difference of (x) minus (y) the Trust Amount divided by (b) , at a per share purchase price of per share. The Company accounts for its Backstop Subscription Agreement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging , under which the Backstop Subscription Agreement does not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Backstop Subscription Agreement as a liability at its fair value and adjusts the Backstop Subscription Agreement to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations (see Note 8). shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. On December 11, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of Class A Shares to the holders of the Company s shares of Class B Shares upon the exchange of an equal number of Class B Shares the Exchange ). On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares to be redeemed as of December 31, 2023 and excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 24 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Class A Shares issued in connection with the Exchange are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Shares before the Exchange, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. On March 10, 2023, the Company s stockholders redeemed shares at approximately per share. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. On September 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock in connection with a stock split. Due to the Exchange, on December 11, 2023, the Company converted Class B Shares to Class A Shares. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined so that the founder shares, will represent, on an as-converted basis, of the outstanding shares after the IPO (excluding the shares of Class A common stock issued to the representative or its designees upon consummation of this offering, the placement units and securities underlying the placement units and assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase units in this offering). The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of the Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations etc. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, based on the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (excluding the shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the representative or its designees upon consummation of this offering, the placement units and securities underlying the placement units and assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase units in this offering) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans made to the Company). The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. Warrants Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. The warrants will become exercisable after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or after the closing of the IPO. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the warrant expiration date, which is after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s satisfying the Company s obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such 

 25 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the redemption period to each warrant holder; if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and If and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. 
 If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

 26 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional units the Company issues to the Sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company, will be identical to the warrants underlying the Units being offered in the Initial Public Offering, except that they will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. Liabilities: Derivative Liability - Backstop Subscription Agreement 

Quoted Prices In Significant Other Significant Other Active Markets Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2023 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: U.S. Money Market Funds held in Trust Account The Backstop Subscription Agreement is valued using Probability Weighted Expected Return Model PWERM ). The PWERM is a multistep process in which value is estimated based on the probability-weighted present value of various future outcomes. The estimated fair value of the Backstop Subscription Agreement liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in the pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the Backstop Subscription Agreement. The expected life of the Backstop Subscription Agreement is assumed to be equivalent to its remaining contractual term. The initial fair value of the Backstop Subscription Agreement as of April 22, 2024, was . The fair value of the Backstop Subscription Agreement as of September 30, 2024 was , which resulted in a change in fair value of the Backstop Subscription Agreement of for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

 27 

Table of Contents BURTECH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 Risk-Free Rate Weighted Terms Market Implied Likelihood of Initial Business Combination The following table provides a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: Change in Fair Value ) Fair Value as of June 30, 2024 Change in Fair Value Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from October 15, 2024 to November 15, 2024. On October 10, 2024 and October 30, 2024 the Company was advanced an additional and , respectively on each date, from its Sponsor for payment of operating expenses and ongoing business operations. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References in this report (this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to BurTech Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to BurTech LP, LLC The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (as defined below) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s filings with the SEC can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 2, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. On December 15, 2021, we completed the IPO of 28,750,000 units, including 3,750,000 units from the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, at 10.00 per unit (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 898,250 units (the Private Placement Units to our sponsor, including 93,750 units from the full exercise of the overallotment option by the underwriters, at a price of 10.00 per units, generate an aggregate of 8,982,500 proceeds. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of stockholders held by the Company on March 10, 2023, 22,119,297 shares were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately 227.8 million (approximately 10.30 per share redeemed) was removed from the Company s trust account to pay holders. Following redemptions, the Company has 6,630,703 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, and approximately 68.0 million will remain in the Company s trust account. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Second Special Meeting of stockholders held by the Company on December 11, 2023, The Company s stockholders redeemed 2,285,040 shares during the Second Special Meeting. As a result, approximately 24.5 million (approximately 10.74 per share) was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such holders. The amount was removed from the Trust Account on January 5, 2024. In conjunction with the above redemptions, the stockholders also voted on extending the original liquidation from March 15, 2023 to December 15, 2023, (the extended liquidation date extending the life of the Company to complete an initial business combination. We will have only 23 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. On December 11, 2023 (the Second Special Meeting ), the Company entered into an amendment to the investment management trust agreement dated as of December 10, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Second Trust Amendment ). 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the Second Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times, each such extension for an additional one (1) month period (each an Extension ), until December 15, 2024, by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of 0.03 per unredeemed share of Class A common stock or 150,000 (the Extension Payment for each one-month Extension. On January 16, 2024, February 9, 2024, and March 12, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 130,370 on each date into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from January 15, 2024 to April 15, 2024. On April 10, 2024, May 10, 2024 and June 12, 2024 the Sponsor deposited 130,370 on each date into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from April 15, 2024 to July 15, 2024. July 12, 2024, August 14, 2024, September 21, 2024 and October 15, 2024 the Sponsor deposited 130,370 on each date into the Trust account to extend the life of the Company from April 15, 2024 to November 15, 2024. If we are unable to complete the initial business combination within the Combination Period. we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following the redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete the initial business combination within the Combination Period. Business Combination As previously announced, on December 22, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Merger Sub a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Blaize, Inc., a Delaware corporation Blaize ), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Burkhan Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Burkhan ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Blaize, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Blaize will be the surviving company and continue in existence as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (the Merger and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, The Company will be renamed Blaize Holdings, Inc. New Blaize ). The Merger Agreement further provides that as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of the Merger Agreement, Burkhan and/or its affiliates and/or nominees shall purchase from Blaize (i) convertible promissory notes of Blaize and (ii) a pre-funded warrant to purchase up to a number of shares of common stock of Blaize, par value 0.00001 per share Blaize Common Stock ), that, following the conversion of Blaize Common Stock at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time pursuant to the Merger Agreement, would result in up to 6,833,333 shares of The Company Class A common stock (the Warrant for aggregate gross proceeds to Blaize of 25.0 million. Blaize issued the Warrant, which has an aggregate exercise price of 68,333.33 and an assumed purchase price of 68,333.33, to Burkhan concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement. Among other things, at the Effective Time, (A) the outstanding shares of Blaize Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, and following the conversion or exercise of the outstanding convertible notes, preferred stock and warrants of Blaize (but excluding any (i) shares of Blaize Common Stock held by Blaize as treasury stock, (ii) shares the holders of which perfect rights of appraisal under Delaware law, and (iii) shares of Blaize Common Stock subject to any Blaize restricted stock unit RSU and Blaize stock option that will be assumed) will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a number of shares of the Company Class A common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole share) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) 77,000,000 by (b) the Aggregate Company Shares (the Exchange Ratio ), (B) each Blaize stock option that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into an option to purchase shares of The Company Class A common stock New Blaize Options as set forth in the Merger Agreement, and (C) each Blaize RSU that is outstanding and unsettled as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into an award of RSUs relating to shares of The Company Class A common stock New Blaize RSUs as set forth in the Merger Agreement. Aggregate Company Shares means, without duplication, (i) the sum of the number of shares of Blaize Common Stock that are (a) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (following the conversion or exercise of the outstanding convertible notes, preferred stock and warrants of Blaize but excluding any shares of Burkhan Company Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 and any treasury stock to be cancelled) and (b) issuable upon the exercise or settlement of Blaize stock awards (in each case, whether or not vested or currently exercisable) that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time minus (ii) a number of shares of Blaize Common Stock equal to the quotient of (x) the sum of the aggregate cash exercise prices of all Blaize stock options divided by (y) the Exchange Ratio. In addition, 16.3 million shares of New Blaize common stock may be issued as earnout shares (the Earnout Shares for a period from the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing until the five-year anniversary thereof (the Earnout Period ), in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Merger Agreement. The earnout shares are to be issued to Burkhan and shareholders of Blaize contingent, in each case, on the closing stock price of the New Blaize common stock exceeding the following thresholds: if the closing stock price of New Blaize common stock is greater than or equal to 12.50 per share for 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period during the Earnout Period, then (i) 3,750,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Blaize shareholders and (ii) 325,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Burkhan; if the closing stock price of New Blaize common stock is greater than or equal to 15.00 per share for 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period during the Earnout Period, then (i) 3,750,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Blaize shareholders and (ii) 325,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Burkhan; if the closing stock price of New Blaize common stock is greater than or equal to 17.50 per share for 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period during the Earnout Period, then (i) 3,750,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Blaize shareholders and (ii) 325,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Burkhan; and if the closing stock price of New Blaize common stock is greater than or equal to 20.00 per share for 20 trading days within any 30 consecutive trading day period during the Earnout Period, then (i) 3,750,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Blaize shareholders and (ii) 325,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Burkhan. 
 In addition, Blaize shareholders and Burkhan will be entitled to receive all of the remaining Earnout Shares that have not previously been issued to Blaize shareholders and Burkhan in the event there occurs a transaction resulting in a change in control of New Blaize or Blaize during the Earnout Period. Conditions to Closing The Merger Agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) approval of the Business Combination and related agreements and transactions by the respective shareholders of The Company and Blaize, (ii) effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by The Company in connection with the Business Combination, (iii) expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act, if applicable, (iv) approval of the Business Combination under the United Kingdom s National Security and Investment Act 2021, (v) the absence of any injunction, order, statute, rule, or regulation enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, and (vi) receipt of approval for listing on Nasdaq the shares of New Blaize common stock to be issued in connection with the Merger. Other conditions to The Company s obligations to consummate the Merger include, among others, that as of the Closing, (i) the representations and warranties of Blaize being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement, (ii) Blaize shall have performed all covenants required to be performed by Blaize in all material respects, (iii) no Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall have occurred between the date of the Merger Agreement and Closing and be continuing, and (iv) Blaize shall have effectuated the conversion or exercise of the outstanding convertible notes, preferred stock and warrants of Blaize. Other conditions to Blaize s obligations to consummate the Merger include, among others, that as of the Closing, (i) the representations and warranties of The Company and Merger Sub being true and correct, subject to the materiality standards contained in the Merger Agreement, (ii) The Company shall have performed all covenants required to be performed by The Company in all material respects, (iii) no Acquiror Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall have occurred between the date of the Merger Agreement and Closing and be continuing, (iv) the amount of cash available in the trust account into which substantially all of the proceeds of The Company s initial public offering and private placement of its warrants have been deposited for the benefit of its public shareholders following redemptions by The Company s stockholders in connection with the The Company stockholder meeting held for purposes of approving the Business Combination (the Trust Account ), plus the proceeds of any financing transaction of The Company 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 or Blaize prior to the Closing, plus the aggregate gross proceeds of 5.0 million received by Blaize pursuant to a previous convertible note financing transaction, and subject to the deductions and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including deductions for certain The Company and Blaize transaction expenses, is equal to or greater than 125,000,000 and (v) other than persons designated by the parties to the Merger Agreement to be nominated for election to the board of directors of New Blaize in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, all members of the board of directors and executive officers of The Company shall have executed written resignations effective as of the Effective Time. Covenants The Merger Agreement contains additional covenants, including, among others, providing for (i) the parties to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct their respective businesses in the ordinary course through the Closing, (ii) Blaize to prepare and deliver to The Company certain audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements of Blaize, (iii) The Company to prepare and file a registration statement on Form S-4 and take certain other actions to obtain the requisite approval of The Company shareholders of certain proposals regarding the Business Combination and (iv) the parties to use reasonable best efforts to obtain necessary approvals from governmental agencies. Representations and Warranties The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties by The Company, Merger Sub and Blaize that are customary for transactions of this type. The representations and warranties of the respective parties to the Merger Agreement will not survive the Closing. Termination The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing (i) by mutual written consent of The Company and Blaize, (ii) by The Company or Blaize, if requisite approvals of the shareholders of The Company are not obtained as set forth therein, (iii) by Blaize if there is a Modification in Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iv) by The Company if requisite approvals of the shareholders of Blaize are not obtained as soon as reasonably practicable following the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by The Company in connection with the Business Combination, (v) by Blaize if Burkhan, its affiliates and/or nominees fail to fund certain principal amounts of the Burkhan Convertible Notes (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and (vi) by either The Company or Blaize in certain other circumstances set forth in the Merger Agreement, including (a) if any Governmental Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall have issued or otherwise entered a final, nonappealable order making consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise preventing or prohibiting consummation of the Merger, (b) in the event of certain uncured breaches by the other party or (c) if the Closing has not occurred on or before December 31, 2024. Exclusivity Between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Closing, The Company has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate or continue inquiries regarding a Business Combination Proposal (as defined below); (ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any person concerning a possible Business Combination Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding a Business Combination Proposal. The Company also agreed to cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any persons (other than Blaize and its representatives) previously conducted with respect to, or that could lead to, any Business Combination Proposal; provided , that The Company is not restricted from responding to unsolicited inbound inquiries to the extent required for the board of directors of The Company to comply with its fiduciary duties. Business Combination Proposal means any offer, inquiry, proposal or indication of interest (whether written or oral, binding or non-binding), relating to a Business Combination. Between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Closing, Blaize has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate or continue inquiries regarding a Company Acquisition Proposal (as defined below); (ii) enter into discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any person concerning a possible Company Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding a Company Acquisition Proposal. The Company also agreed that it will cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any persons (other than The Company and its representatives) previously conducted with respect to, or that could lead to, any Company Acquisition Proposal. Company Acquisition Proposal means any inquiry, proposal or offer concerning a merger, consolidation, liquidation, recapitalization, share exchange or other 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 transaction involving the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of more than fifteen percent (15 of the properties or assets or equity interests of Blaize or any of its subsidiaries, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Company Financing. Company Financing means, subject to certain limited exceptions contained in the Merger Agreement, a private placement of (i) secured convertible promissory notes of Blaize by, or any other form of investment in or financing of (either directly or indirectly), Blaize that is consummated with Burkhan and/or its affiliates and/or nominees after December 22, 2023 and prior to or substantially concurrently with the Closing providing up to an aggregate amount of 25.0 million to Blaize, and (ii) equity, equity-linked or debt securities of Blaize by, or any other form of investment or financing of (either director or indirectly), Blaize that is consummated with any person (other than Burkhan and/or its affiliates and/or nominees) after December 22, 2023 and prior to or substantially concurrently with the Closing. Stock Exchange Listing If required under applicable rules of the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ), the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of the Company s Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the Business Combination to be approved for listing on Nasdaq at the Closing. Until the Closing, The Company must use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Company to remain listed as a public company on Nasdaq. Company Support Agreement On December 22, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Blaize entered into a Company Support Agreement (the Company Support Agreement with the Company and Blaize, pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed to, among other things, (i) support and vote in favor of (a) the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, (b) the conversion of each issued and outstanding share of preferred stock of Blaize into one share of Blaize Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (c) any other circumstances upon which a consent or other approval with respect to the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, (ii) vote against and withhold consent with respect to any Company Acquisition Proposal or other business combination transaction (other than the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination), (iii) vote against any proposal, action or agreement that would (a) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of the Company Support Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the timely consummation of the Merger, (b) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of Blaize under the Merger Agreement, (c) result in any of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or (d) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or other obligation or agreement of such stockholder contained in the Company Support Agreement, and (iv) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination, including a restriction on the transfer of the Company s Capital Stock (as defined in the Company s Support Agreement), subject to certain exceptions, and termination of certain stockholder agreements and other affiliate agreements of Blaize. Sponsor Support Agreement On December 22, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and Blaize entered into an agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which, among other things, in connection with the Closing, the Sponsor agreed to (i) vote all its shares of the Company s Class A common stock in favor of (a) each Transaction Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), including, without limitation, the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, and (b) any other circumstances upon which a consent or other approval with respect to the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination is sought, (ii) vote against and withhold consent with respect to any Business Combination Proposal or other business combination transaction (other than the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination), (iii) vote against any proposal, action or agreement that would (a) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of the Sponsor Support Agreements, the Merger Agreement or the timely consummation of the Merger, (b) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, (c) result in any of the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or (d) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or other obligation or agreement of the Sponsor contained in the Sponsor Support Agreements, (iv) waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio or any other anti-dilution or similar protection set forth in the governing documents of the Company with respect to the Class B common stock of the Company, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement, and (v) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination, including a restriction on the transfer of the Company s Class B common stock and private placement units of the Company, subject to certain exceptions. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Registration Rights Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Blaize, the Sponsor, certain significant securityholders of Blaize and certain of their respective affiliates will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which New Blaize will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), certain shares of New Blaize common stock and other equity securities of New Blaize that are held by the parties thereto from time to time on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. Lock-up Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Blaize will enter into lock-up agreements (the Lock-up Agreements with (i) certain of New Blaize s directors and officers, (ii) certain stockholders of New Blaize and (iii) Burkhan, in each case, restricting the transfer of New Blaize common stock and any shares of New Blaize common stock issuable upon the exercise or settlement, as applicable, of New Blaize Options or New Blaize RSUs held by it immediately after the Effective Time from and after the Closing. The restrictions under the Lock-up Agreements begin at the Closing and end on the date that is 180 days after the Closing, or upon the earlier of (x) the last reported sale price of New Blaize common stock reaching 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Closing and (y) the liquidation of New Blaize. Stockholders Agreement The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Blaize will enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), with the Sponsor, Burkhan and certain other controlled affiliates of Burkhan (collectively, the Stockholder Group ), which will provide, among other things, that so long as the Stockholder Group beneficially owns, in the aggregate, ten percent (10 or more of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of the New Blaize Common Stock, the Stockholder Group will have the right to designate two out of nine individuals to the Company s board of directors, subject to step-downs based on ownership of the New Blaize Common Stock as described in the Stockholders Agreement. The foregoing descriptions of the Merger Agreement, the Company s Support Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Lock-up Agreement, and the Stockholders Agreement and the transactions and documents contemplated thereby, are not complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, the Company s Support Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the form of Registration Rights Agreement, the form of Lock-up Agreement, and the form of Stockholders Agreement, copies of which are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 2.1, Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, Exhibit 10.3, Exhibit 10.4, and Exhibit 10.5 respectively, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein. The Merger Agreement, the Company s Support Agreement, the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Lock-up Agreement, and the Stockholders Agreement and the other documents related thereto (collectively, the Transaction Documents have been included to provide investors with information regarding their terms. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about The Company, Blaize or their respective affiliates. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained in the Transaction Documents were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement as of the specific dates therein, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Transaction Documents and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Transaction Documents instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors are not third-party beneficiaries under the Transaction Documents and should not rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties thereto or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of representations and warranties may change after the applicable dates of the Transaction Documents, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in The Company s public disclosures. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Amendment to Underwriting Agreement On April 26, 2024, the Company and EF Hutton amended the Underwriting Agreement signed on December 10, 2021. In lieu of the Company paying the full Deferred Underwriting Commission, EF Hutton agreed to accept a 1,500,000 cash payment at the Closing of a Business Combination Once this payment is made according to the new terms, the Company s obligation to deliver the Deferred Underwriting Commission will be fulfilled. Backstop Subscription Agreement On April 22, 2024, the Sponsor entered into a backstop subscription agreement (the Backstop Subscription Agreement with the Company and Blaize. Pursuant to the Backstop Subscription Agreement, in the event that the amount of cash in the Company s trust account following redemptions and before payment of expenses (the Trust Amount is less than 30,000,000 (the Backstop Amount ), the Sponsor shall purchase, prior to or substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination, a number of shares of Class A common stock of the Company equal to the quotient of (a) the difference of (x) 30,000,000 minus (y) the Trust Amount divided by (b) 10.00, at a per share purchase price of 10.00 per share. The Company accounts for its Backstop Subscription Agreement in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging , under which the Backstop Subscription Agreement does not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Backstop Subscription Agreement as a liability at its fair value and adjusts the Backstop Subscription Agreement to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations (see Note 8). Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest dividends on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence and transaction expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 875,953, which consisted of 1,302,114 in operating costs and franchise taxes, change in fair value of backstop agreement of 89,929 and provision for income taxes of 122,233, offset by interest from investments held in our Trust Account of 638,323. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 1,486,799, which consisted of 2,526,265 in operating costs and franchise taxes, change in fair value of backstop agreement of 446,776 and provision for income taxes of 406,071, offset by interest from investments held in our Trust Account of 1,892,313. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 3,362, which consisted of interest from investments held in our Trust Account of 910,391, offset by operating costs and franchise taxes of 727,703 and provision for income taxes of 179,326. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 1,676,925, which consisted of interest from investments held in our Trust Account of 4,809,802, offset by 2,179,968 in operating costs and franchise taxes and provision for income taxes of 952,909. Liquidity and Going Concern As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 66,621 in its restricted cash account and 49,915,251 in investments held in trust. Restricted cash is held exclusively for payment of current tax liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, 4,633,444 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represents interest income. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Our liquidity needs up to September 30, 2024 had been satisfied through a payment from our sponsor of 25,000 for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs, the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 1,500,000, working capital advances from the Sponsor and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering held outside of the trust account. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 1,500,000 outstanding under a Convertible Promissory Note and 2,164,291 outstanding as advances from sponsor. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company expects it will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The Company is less than 7 months from its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing of Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, Management has determined that the liquidity condition due to insufficient working capital, described above, and mandatory liquidation raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date the financial statements contained in Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our financial advisor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support. Upon completion of our Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting estimates: Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock feature certain 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 4,345,663 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Warrants We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. We account for the public warrants and private warrants collectively Warrants ), as either equity or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the specific terms of the Warrants and the applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the Warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the Warrants are indexed to our own common stocks and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of issuance of the Warrants and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the Warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. We evaluated the public warrants and private warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, and concluded that they met the criteria for equity classification and are required to be recorded as part a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. Derivative Liability - Backstop Subscription Agreement The Company accounts for its Backstop Subscription Agreement (see Note 6 to the financial statements) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging , under which the Backstop Subscription Agreement does not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the Backstop Subscription Agreement as a liability at its fair value and adjusts the Backstop Subscription Agreement to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations. The Backstop Subscription Agreement is valued using a Probability Weighted Expected Return Model PWERM ). Net (Loss) Income Per Common Stock We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The 29,648,250 potential common stocks for outstanding warrants to purchase our shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met and its inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted net income or loss per common stock is the same as basic net income or loss per common stock for the periods. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. As a smaller reporting company, ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures. Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Previously, during the year ended December 31, 2023, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our inadequate control for the withdrawal of funds from the Trust Account and inadequate control for the accounting for class a common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2023. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2023, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in the Company s ability to complete a business combination. Finally, based on recently issued interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury, subject to certain exceptions, the excise tax should not apply in the event of our liquidation. Nasdaq Rule 5815 was amended effective October 7, 2024 to provide for the immediate suspension and delisting for failure to meet the 36-month requirement in Nasdaq Rule IM 5101-2(b) to complete a business combination, and our securities will face an immediate suspension and delisting action once we receive a delisting determination letter from Nasdaq after the 36-month window ends on December 10, 2024 Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2(b) (the Rule ), requires that we complete a business combination no later than 36 months after our IPO, and Nasdaq Rule 5815 was amended effective October 7, 2024 to provide for the immediate suspension and delisting for failure to meet the 36-month requirement to complete a business combination in the Rule, and our securities will face an immediate suspension and delisting action once we receive a delisting determination letter from Nasdaq after the 36-month window ends on December 10, 2024. Therefore, if we do not complete our business combination by December 10, 2024, which we will not be able to do, our securities will be suspended and delisted from Nasdaq. In addition, while we may appeal the suspension and delisting, a Nasdaq hearings panel will have no discretion in allowing us to remain listed and may only reverse the Nasdaq s staff s determination if it finds it made a factual error applying the Rule, which there will not be assuming that we receive a delisting letter on or after December 10, 2024. If we extend the time to complete a business combination after December 10, 2024, which is beyond the time-frame permitted by the Rule, we will not be listed at the time we close a business combination. If we are not able to meet Nasdaq initial listing requirement in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Blaize may elect to terminate the Business Combination Agreement and not proceed with the business combination. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Once our securities are delisted, our securities would likely trade on the Over the Counter market, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. If this were to occur, we would face significant material adverse consequences, including. a determination that our Public Shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in the Public Shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for its securities; limited availability of market quotations for the Company s securities; reduced liquidity for the Company s securities; a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Because we would no longer be listed on Nasdaq, our securities would no longer be considered to be covered securities under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination, which may make more difficult and costly to complete a business combination. In addition, our securityholders could be prohibited from trading in our securities absent our registration in the state where such securityholder lives. To date we have not registered our securities in any State, and do not currently plan to do so. This may make it difficult or impossible for our securityholders to trade in our securities. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION . 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report: Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BurTech Acquisition Corp. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Shahal Khan Shahal Khan Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Roman Livson Roman Livson Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brkh-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Shahal Khan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of BurTech Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the periods in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Shahal Khan Shahal Khan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brkh-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Roman Livson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of BurTech Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the periods in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Roman Livson Roman Livson Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 brkh-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of BurTech Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Shahal Khan Shahal Khan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 8, 2024 By: /s/ Roman Livson Roman Livson Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 brkh-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 brkh-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 brkh-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 brkh-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

