<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1690384_0001731122-24-001738.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3163240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141553</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>882301</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>648963</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>677535</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>738763</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001738.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107094701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001738
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001690384
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				812924160
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55818
		FILM NUMBER:		241433600

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1255 PHILLIPS SQUARE, SUITE 605
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H3B 3G5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		514-962-0070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1255 PHILLIPS SQUARE, SUITE 605
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H3B 3G5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001738.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 e6083_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

Quarterly Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

Transition Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

For the Transition Period from ________to
__________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on
 which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed
all reports required to be filed by Section13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer , an accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 
 No 

As of November 7, 2024, the issuer had shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements- Unaudited 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 42 
 
 Item 4. 
 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 
 42 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 . FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - UNAUDITED 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

September
 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Bank overdraft 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related parties 

Related Party Debt 

Debt 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized,
 and and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT
 ATTRIBUTALBLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY 

NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the three months ended 
 For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest expense 

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Translation to reporting currency 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 

Equity shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

NET LOSS 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
 ATTRIBUTABLE TO 

Equity shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Number of shares 
 Par Value 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Subscription Receivable 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Deficit 
 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 
 Non-controlling interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Net loss 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Net loss 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

Settlement of subscription receivable 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements 

3 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS 

 (EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Nine
 Months Ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock
 issued for services 

Unrealized
 foreign exchange (gain) loss 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accruals 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities - related party 

Accrued
 interest and interest expenses 

Accrued
 interest - related party 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase
 of property, plant and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Overdraft
 advances 

Proceeds
 from related party advances 

Repayments
 of related party advances 

Proceeds
 from related party debt 

Repayments
 of related party debt 

Proceeds
 from the sale of common stock 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

CHANGE
 IN CASH DURING THE PERIOD 

CASH
 BEGINNING 

CASH ENDING 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Interest
 paid 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

BIOCRUDE TECHNOLOGIES USA, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

since inception. The Company has funded its operations
through the issuance of capital stock, convertible debt, loans, and advances from related parties. Management plans to raise additional
funds through equity and/or debt financing. There is no certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue operating as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue
its operations as a going concern, realize the carrying value of its assets, and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business
is dependent upon its ability to raise new capital sufficient to fund its commitments and ongoing losses, and ultimately on generating
profitable operations. 

owned subsidiary, Biocrude Technologies (Hong Kong) Limited Biocrude HK ). All significant
inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

cash equivalents. 

years. Property,
plant, and equipment consisted of the following: 

Additions 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Additions 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Additions 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Additions 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

and in advertising and marketing costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

shares with a par value. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company has issued shares of the Company s common stock, with a fair value of , for services rendered, and issued
 shares of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
the Company issued shares of common stock, with a fair value of , for services rendered, and issued shares of the
Company s common stock for cash proceeds of . 

(December 31, 2023 in principal and accrued interest of (December 31, 2023 - outstanding.
Included in the balance of debt, (December 31, 2023 - was cash advanced with no interest bearing and due on demand and
 (December 31, 2023 - was loans that bear interest at a rate of per annum, are unsecured, and are payable on demand. 

(December 31, 2023 - in principal and accrued interest of (December 31, 2023 - due to a director of
the Company. Included in the balance of debt at September 30, 2024, was cash advanced net of repayments bearing no interest and
due on demand and was a loan that bears interest at a rate of per annum, is unsecured, and is payable on demand. 

and was repaid which resulted in an accounts
payable and accrued liabilities related parties of as of September 30, 2024. These amounts are unsecured, without interest,
and payable on demand. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
the CEO of the Company had earned compensation and advanced the Company which
offset the Company s advances to the CEO of 
as of December 31, 2022, resulting in an accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties balance of 
as of September 30, 2023. These amounts are unsecured, without interest, and payable on demand. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the CEO s brother in-law (and shareholder), had advanced the Company and was repaid resulting in an accounts payable
and accrued liabilities related parties balance of as of September 30, 2024. These amounts are unsecured, without interest,
and payable on demand. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the CEO s brother (and shareholder), had advanced the Company and was repaid resulting in an accounts payable and accrued
liabilities related parties balance of as of September 30, 2024. These amounts are unsecured, without interest, and payable
on demand. 

8 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q which
address activities, events or developments which the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things
as future capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); finding suitable merger or acquisition candidates; expansion
and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements. These statements are
based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current
conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances. However, whether
actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented
to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, expects, 
 estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements appear in a number
of places in this Filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its directors
or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company s financial condition or results of operations
for its limited history; (ii) the Company s business and growth strategies; and (iii) the Company s financing plans. Investors
are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties,
and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
Such factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company s limited
operating history, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change, and
competition. 

Consequently, all the forward-looking statements
made in this Form 10-Q are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments
anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects
on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

General Business Development 

The Company was formed on August 4, 2015, in the
State of Nevada, under the name of BioCrude Technologies, Inc. On November 8, 2016, the Company received its Certificate
of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 to its request for a name change from BioCrude
Technologies, Inc. to BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. , whilst doing business as BioCrude Technologies, Inc. ,
as well. All of the afore-stated have been filed with SEC as part of the Company s S-1(/A) registration statement(s). 

Business Strategy 

The Company is a resource management expertise and
services provider, catering to commercial, municipal, and industrial customers, primarily in the areas of solid waste management and
recycling services. 

BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. has developed efficient,
cost-effective, and environmentally friendly products, processes and systems for the reformation of waste material, waste management
and creation of renewable energy. 

The versatility and potential of BioCrude Technologies
USA, Inc. has been demonstrated by the many uses that our R D department has already tested and verified. The avenues they have explored
include sustainable and cost-efficient methods that will enlarge composting and biomethanation yields and rates of decomposition while
increasing output and providing a higher quality of end product. Their focus is on waste treatment protocols for Municipal Solid Waste MSW ), cellulose, all organic waste, and all manure types; renewable energy sources such as biogas, ethanol and biodiesel;
wastewater treatment, and multiple other applications. 

9 

One very important area that BioCrude Technologies
USA, Inc. excels in is the reformation of MSW into renewable energy and marketable end-by-products, using its intrinsic intellectual
property and know how in its Integrated Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Proposed Complexes for municipal applications.
Understanding the non-homogenous nature and characteristics of the waste, we can define distinct processes to optimally handle the procurement
of the varied categories of waste (MSW can be classified into organics, fuels, recyclables, inerts and others), once segregated with
an efficient separation process and materials recovery facility MRF ). There is no intellectual property protection as
of yet. BioCrude will be filing for certain Intellectual property and know how protection via a patent for Integrated Municipal
Solid Waste to Energy Systems . In addition to patent applications, the Company will apply for trademark protection where appropriate. 

The long-term vision of the organization is to be
a world leader in the management of solid waste. Our business model will be to transform solid waste streams into renewable energy resources
and marketable by-products. Conventionally, people, entities, etc. , view solid waste streams as not only worthless refuse requiring
monetary resources in order to get rid of. BioCrude, on the contrary, views this so-called refuse as a valuable commodity ,
with a negative product cost, i.e., PRODUCT COST is ZERO, with an implicit REVENUE received PER UNIT OF WASTE given for disposal (people,
governments will pay entities/companies in order to get rid of the undesired waste, in the form of a Tipping or Gate 
fee. Global competition for limited resources is, the Company believes, creating significant business opportunities for companies
 that can sustain and extract value in the form of renewable energy and other marketable by-products, i.e., fertilizer, raw materials
(primary feedstock for building materials), etc. , from resources previously considered an irretrievable waste stream. BioCrude s
business strategy has been firmly tied to creating a sustainable resource management model and the Company continues to be rooted in
these same tenets today. Each day the Company strives to create long-term value for all stakeholders: customers, employees, communities,
and shareholders, by helping customers and communities manage their resources in a sustainable and financially sound manner. 

The Company intends to achieve successful market
penetration, with distinction, in numerous segments of the industry, generating escalating positive cash flows on an annual basis so
that the Company becomes a competitive leading participant in the industry. Management will look to have its Integrated Municipal Solid
Waste to Energy Complexes widely implemented across Africa, Asia, the Balkans and North America with a view to expanding to other international
markets (Latin America), while continuing to pursue Concession Agreements under private license/joint ventures and other conventional
arrangements. 

Municipal Solid Waste Management is the collection,
transport, processing (waste treatment), recycling or disposal of waste materials, usually ones produced by human activity, in an effort
to reduce their effect on human health or local aesthetics or amenities. 

Municipal Solid Waste Management MSWM is a major responsibility for local government. It is a complex task which requires appropriate organizational capacity and cooperation
between numerous stakeholders in the private and public sectors. 

The first goal of MSWM is to protect the health of
the population, particularly that of low-income groups. Other goals include the promotion of environmental quality and sustainability,
support of economic productivity and employment generation. 

Waste-to-energy W2E or energy-from-waste EfW is the process of creating energy in the form of electricity or heat from the incineration of waste source. 

Conventional Municipal Solid Waste Management employs
one or more of the following processes: 

Waste prevention, including reuse of products 

Recycling, including composting 

10 

Combustion with energy recovery 

Disposal through landfilling 

Landfilling is one of the most common ways of municipal
solid waste disposal in developing countries. Air pollutants emitted from landfills contribute to the emission in the atmosphere
of greenhouse gases and cause serious problems to human health. 

Methane emissions from landfills are a serious environmental
global concern, as it accounts for approximately 15 of current greenhouse gas emissions. Landfilling is a significant contributor
to greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) accountable for approximately 5 of total GHG releases which consists of methane from anaerobic decomposition
of solid waste and carbon dioxide from wastewater decomposition. 

The past 20 years have seen a change in how we look
at our environment. There has been a greater understanding of the economic, social, and environmental risks of not managing waste. 

The main drivers of the W2E market are environmental
factors, regulations and legislation and economic factors. 

Environmental Factors 

The Stern report, published in 2006, created
an authoritative and eye-opening scientific report on the challenges of climate change. The report highlighted the need to decarbonize
the power sector by 60 and reduce CO 2 emissions by 80 of current levels to ensure increases in global temperature do
not exceed two degrees Celsius. 

Regulations and Legislation 

Scientific evidence, public awareness and increased
levels of participation in environmental campaigning have led to governments worldwide implementing regulations and legislation.
Examples include: 

EU Landfill Diversion Directive 

recycling targets 

climate change regulations 

11 

Nota Bene : It is only in the last two decades
that governments worldwide have been working together to come to a consensus of standardized, environmentally friendly waste management
directives, in order to become recognized and implemented practices. 

Economics 

Economic drivers to developing the waste and renewable
energy sector have included: 

waste disposal and landfill gate fees/landfill tax 

penalties/avoidance schemes (e.g., landfill allowance schemes and fines,
 carbon trading) 

energy prices 

Waste to Energy Market Size and Trend 

Renewable Energy: According to the most recent
data available from the International Energy Agency, global waste to energy power production from municipal and industrial wastes increased
from 283 terawatt hours to 383 terawatt hours, a 35 increase over that period. In-depth analyses of the global market, forecasts the
market will increase from approximately 27 billion in 2018 to 450 billion by 2030. 

MSW Management (Tipping/Gate fees): As long
as there are people in our world, there will be waste generation. Depending on the demographics of people clusters (nations), the amount
of waste generated on a per capita (person) basis can vary from 0.6 kg (persons in destitute third world countries (e.g., Niamey [Niger],
Juba [South Sudan], Freetown [Sierra Leone], Port-au-Prince [Haiti])) to 1.8 kg (advanced societies with flourishing economies (e.g.,
New York City [US], Toronto [Canada], Paris [France], Dubai [UAE]) per person per day. With an approximate current world population (census
2020) of 7.8 billion persons, there is a minimum quantum (weighted average) of about 6,000,000 tons of waste generated on a per day basis.
Depending on the national budget for the level of waste management treatment implemented by a certain nation, analyses of the global
market forecasts the market will increase from approximately 45 billion in 2020 to 60 billion by 2030. 

Nota Bene : The Market potential for Waste
Management is not only HUGE , but at its infancy stage, ready to EXPLODE , with few credible corporations capable
of servicing the same! 

Source : http://www.waste-management-world.com 

12 

Competition 

The market for Waste-to-Energy is dominated manly
by Germen, French, American and British companies. Ex.: AE E Group GmbH, Axpo Kompogas AG, Babcock Wilcox Volund A/S, Bedminster
International Ltd., BiogenGreenfinch, BTA International GmbH, Community Power Corporation, CNIM, Covanta Holding Corporation, EcoCorp
Inc., Keppel Integrated Engineering Ltd., North American Power Group Ltd., Organic Waste Systems NV, STRABAG Umweltanlagen GmbH, Veolia
Environmental Services, Waste Management Inc., and Wheelabrator Technologies Inc., among others. 

Nota Bene : If you compare the technology
of the Competition in juxtaposition to BioCrude s (further elaborated upon, hereinunder, you will be able
see why BioCrude is the logical choice for the present and the future . 

Defining Waste Management for Municipal
Applications 

The provision of municipal solid waste services is
a costly and troubling problem for local authorities everywhere. In many cities, service coverage is low, resources are insufficient,
and uncontrolled dumping is widespread, with resulting environmental and health related problems, which are recognized worldwide, and
cannot be neglected! Moreover, substantial inefficiencies are typically observed. Typically, worldwide, governmental waste management
ordinance, surprisingly enough, encompasses inefficient waste collection, landfilling until over exhaustion, and incineration . 

Out of concern for the quality of life of their residents,
local municipalities bear primary responsibility for waste management. Municipalities will work with other municipal levels to identify
the best collection, transportation, treatment and disposal methods for their respective jurisdictions. This includes identifying suitable
sites for municipal, or regional waste management facilities, and managing and operating collection, transportation and treatment systems.
To increase the environmental and economic efficiency of waste management, local municipalities will be responsible for planning waste
management infrastructure and systems at the urban community and regional county municipality levels. 

Biocrude, with its upgraded technologically advanced
systems, can improve quality of environment, ergo, life. 

Waste management planning, as well as the production
of renewable energy resources, are vital issues facing any city or municipality today. We are at a time where all levels of government
recognize the importance and need for waste management. Be it for financial, environmental, or health issues. Room for improvement exists
for the following: 

1. 
 Reduction, and eventually, the elimination of landfilling, as opposed
 to over exhausting (substituting proposed landfill sites with other forms of development (commercial, industrial, residential, agricultural,
 and community developments, amongst others real estate value). 

2. 
 Reduction of Greenhouse Gases, and environmental pollutants with reference
 to ground and surface water contamination (percolation of contaminated leachate) alongside with the elimination of odors. 

3. 
 Further enhanced separation process for MSW, which could prelude to
 a more optimal recycling program. 

Nota
Bene : Landfilling is NOT a solution (contaminates the land forever, cost of construction, waste creation), but a deferral
of a problem for future generations to handle. In essence, it is what it is; a PRACTICE that has been utilized for the longest period
of time! Nothing more! 

The myth that landfilling is a cost-effective solution
is what it is, a myth. There are long term ramifications, especially when the landfills are not proper Scientific Landfills 
(environmental implications; rainfall, leachate, percolation, contamination (soil and water table). Even the fact that, if a Scientific
Landfill is deployed (with membrane linings) at an astronomical cost (the cost of construction of a Scientific landfill, which could
host approximately 2,000 TPD of waste for 25 years could costs approximately 100 MUSD), after a few earth tremors or shifting of land,
the membrane could crack, or over time, the membrane will deteriorate, thus yielding the same negative environmental impacts, only deferred
in time. 

13 

Another issue to address is the continual use of
landfills. As time goes on, and waste is continuously generated by the populous and its activities, more and more landfills have to be
created, to a point where a good part of the country will become a cemetery for garbage. Municipalities/governments must plan to integrate
their waste management from a strategic and financial perspective. 

BioCrude, having set as its objective the PROFITABILITY 
of the activities inherent within the realms of this sector, whilst building business relationships and addressing social implications
within the collectivity s / communities that BioCrude is called upon to serve, beyond the environmental and social implications,
and beyond the business imperatives, has set as one of its priorities, the optimization of waste management and, treatment thereof, all
in conformity to the boundaries of economies, efficiency and adherence to environmental wellbeing initiatives. BioCrude has been
involved in the R D of Environmental Technologies, both process and product based, whereby it has enhanced and optimized conventional
technology, thus giving credence to environmental, economic, social and technological well-beings, too numerous to mention (all can be
referenced, in its entirety, within BioCrude s Integrated MSW-Energy Proposal. Shortlists of the aforesaid well-beings are summarized
herein under: 

1. 
 Secure, cost-effective long-term processing capacity for recyclables
 and organics. 

2. 
 Improvement of effectiveness and efficiency of current waste systems/practices. 

3. 
 Elimination of MSW from going to landfills. 

4. 
 Procurement of Renewable Energy and Marketable by-products (fertilizer,
 primary feedstock for building materials, etc. from the exploitation of the calorific value inherent within the realms of
 the MSW 

5. 
 Reduction of Greenhouse Gases and other environmental pollutants emitted
 into the atmosphere. 

6. 
 Municipalities do not have to undergo cost of implementation; privatized
 via BOOT (Build, Own, Operate Transfer), whereby BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. will be lobbying to get the MSW, Land, Sewage
 treated Effluent and Resale of Electricity Concessions (with Sovereign Guaranties from the Ministry of Finance of the Government
 in question). 

7. 
 Due to the profitability of the proposal, significant savings could
 be passed onto the Municipalities, to reduce their day to day on going expenses for Municipal Waste Management, for the duration
 of the BOOT (30 years), by approximately 50 per annum, via MSW Tipping (Gate) Fees (favorably outbidding the competition and still
 having better bottom lines than same) and the Transport of the MSW to neighboring cities/provinces (states), without forgetting to
 mention the reduced GHG emissions from the substitution effect of BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy proposal from landfilling
 and/or incineration. This surplus in savings can be used for other municipal social and infrastructural programs. 

8. 
 Employment opportunities are created during the EPC (Engineering, Procurement Construction)
 phase of the project (a few hundred jobs) and for the day-to-day operations of the project (approximately 86 jobs per shift per 2,000
 TPD Plant plus 11 persons for administration X 3 shifts per day, equating to a total quantum of a minimum of 269 persons). 

9. 
 The proposed solution is an integrated MSW management system based on energy recovery that respects the norms of a Clean Design Mechanism CDM inherent within the realms of article 12 of the Kyoto Protocol UNFCCC or any future proposed legislation
regarding same and qualifies for Carbon Emissions Reduction Credits CER s ). 

Municipal Solid Waste 

Municipal solid waste, in essence, is all solid waste
generated in an area, except industrial and agricultural waste, typically from residences, commercial or retail establishments. Sometimes
it includes construction and demolition debris and other special wastes that may enter the municipal waste stream. The EPA (1998c) defined
municipal solid waste as a subset of solid waste and as durable goods (e.g., appliances, tires, and batteries), non-durable goods
(e.g., newspapers, books, and magazines), containers and packaging, food wastes, yard trimmings, and miscellaneous organic wastes from
residential, commercial and industrial non-process sources. 

14 

The MSW can be classified in the following categories: 

a) 
 Organics 

b) 
 Fuels 

c) 
 Recyclables 

d) 
 Inerts 

e) 
 Miscellaneous 

Each category has its own distinct composite classification.
To achieve an optimal Waste to Energy procurement, one has to analyze separately the inherent category contributions to energy yield
and its correlated technological process of extraction in obtaining same in the most economical sense available; thus, the importance
of segregating the MSW into the appropriate categories of distinct feedstock is of principal importance for optimal performance in the
appropriate technological processes. 

In BioCrude s MSW-Energy initiative, BioCrude
Technologies USA, Inc. incorporated the following technologies in the Integrated Municipal Waste Processing (Waste to Energy) Complex
in order to optimize the treatment process in an environmentally friendly manner by whilst optimizing the Revenue Model of same, and
in turn, pass some of the savings back to the municipalities while still earning an impressive bottom line in juxtaposition to what the
competition has to offer with regards to landfilling and incineration: 

1. 
 Separation of Waste Facility (Materials Recovery Facility) 

2. 
 Refuse Derived Fuel RDF Plant in order to handle the
 fuels of the MSW and produce Energy with an ash by-product 

3. 
 Bio-Methanation Plant in order to handle the organic fraction of the
 MSW (OFMSW) to produce Energy with a fertilizer by-product 

4. 
 Composting Facility (maximum 50 TPD) to handle a percentage of the
 OFMSW alongside with the small particles (plastics, ceramics...) that could not be efficiently separated within the separation process
 of the MSW (fuels in the Bio Methanation plant (plug flow digester) inhibit the process). The economies are no longer apparent in
 Composting facilities surpassing the 50 TPD capacities. 

5. 
 Power Plant 

With BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy proposal/initiative,
BioCrude attempts to service each category of the MSW in order to optimally utilize all renewable resources from same to procure renewable
energy and marketable by-products (fertilizer, ash, etc.). 

It is very important to note that the Separation
Process of the MSW into the appropriate feedstock categories for each distinct process (organics for biomethanation (as well as for composting),
and polymer-based hydrocarbons and cellulose-based products for RDF process) is of the utmost importance. Failure to do so can lead to
complications and inevitable failure of each process in question. Evidence of Success and failure stories (especially with biomethanation
plants, whereby the feedstock generated from MSW (organic fraction) had traces of more than 10 of polymer based products and/or inerts,
thus inhibiting and/or limiting the viability of same) as can be found all over the world, and each outcome, in essence, can be summarized
by Plant Technology Implementation and Feedstock Preparation (do not mix up technology viability with technology implementation and operation). 

15 

Nota Bene : With gasification
and/or incineration (mass burn), MSW is dumped into the boiler as is and combusted at temperatures ranging from 800 
12000C (minimum; plasma arc gasification temperatures range from 7,000 10,0000C). All waste is burned yielding an approximate
net yield of energy for reuse (after self-consumption) of 30 40 . The organic fraction of the MSW (OFMSW) is burned, whereby
the fertilizer potential via a biomethanation process (cooking) is substituted for an ash from the gasification/incineration process
(es). Let us not even entertain what happens to the methane potential of same via gasification/incineration in lieu of biomethanation;
LOST! Bottom line, Potential Revenues lost and operational costs of gasification/incineration processes are increased
dramatically, up to the point where one has to substitute more energy (fuel) in order to sustain continuity of operation and/or to substitute
the self-consumption energy requirements of the processes when the varying calorific value of a sample of the waste is deficient for
same. One can do their own sensitivity analysis to evaluate the same and come to their own conclusions! BioCrude s Integrated MSW-Energy
Solution evolves from first principles of Science, Chemistry, Engineering, Economics and Common Sense! 

The Organics portion of the MSW is treated
via a biomethanation process, whereby all methane gas is extracted for the eventual realization of renewable energy creation,
and a fertilizer procured as an additional by-product, which can be marketed to the agricultural industry. 

The polymer-based (hydro-carbon chain), cellulose and textiles
portion of the MSW will be treated via an RDF process (a derivative of gasification, but with the incorporation of a Materials
Recovery Facility (MRF) [Separation process], where we have the luxury of operating at lower temperatures (350 400 0 C)
because of the separation of the MSW, i.e. lower temperatures reflects less operational self-consumption, hence more outputs (energy)
for resale), whereby the thermal combustion will generate renewable energy and the by-product of ash can be marketed to the construction
industry for the following purposes: 

Concrete production, as a substitute material for Portland cement and sand 

Embankments and other structural fills (usually for road construction) 

Grout and Flowable fill production 

Waste stabilization and solidification 

Cement clinkers production - (as a substitute material for clay) 

Mine reclamation 

Stabilization of soft soils 

Road subbase construction 

As Aggregate substitute material (e.g. for brick production) 

Mineral filler in asphaltic concrete 

Agricultural uses: soil amendment, fertilizer, cattle feeders, soil stabilization in stock feed
 yards, and agricultural stakes 

Loose application on rivers to melt ice 

Loose application on roads and parking lots for ice control 

Other applications include cosmetics, toothpaste, kitchen counter tops,
 floor and ceiling tiles, bowling balls, flotation devices, stucco, utensils, tool handles, picture frames, auto bodies and boat hulls,
 cellular concrete, geopolymers, roofing tiles, roofing granules, decking, fireplace mantles, cinder block, PVC pipe, Structural Insulated
 Panels, house siding and trim, running tracks, blasting grit, recycled plastic lumber, utility poles and cross arms, railway sleepers,
 highway sound barriers, marine pilings, doors, window frames, scaffolding, sign posts, crypts, columns, railroad ties, vinyl flooring,
 paving stones, shower stalls, garage doors, park benches, 

The fly ash can also be marketed to the agricultural
industry for the following purposes: 

It improves the permeability status of soil 

Improves fertility status of soil (soil health) / crop yield 

Improves soil texture 

Reduces bulk density of soil 

16 

Improves water holding capacity / porosity 

Optimizes pH value 

Improves soil aeration and reduces crust formation 

Provides micro nutrients like Fe, Zn, Cu, Mo, B, Mn, etc. 

Provides macro nutrients like K, P, Ca, Mg, S etc. 

Works as a part substitute of gypsum for reclamation of saline alkali
 soil and lime for reclamation of acidic soils 

Surface cover of bio reclaimed vegetated ash pond get stabilized and
 can be used as recreational park 

Ash ponds provide suitable conditions and essential nutrients for plant
 growth, helps improve the economic condition of local inhabitants 

Works as a liming agent 

Helps in early maturity of crops improves the nutritional quality
 of food crop 

Reduces pest incidence 

There is a definite market for the fly ash by-product;
the industry players in the global marketplace have to be clearly identified for the realization of commercialization. BioCrude can even
offer these ash by-products pro-bono to industry or landfill, for there is no environmental hazard of same. 

Recyclables can be easily sold to the recyclable industry milieu (metals,
glass, ceramics, etc.) 

The balance of the inerts (Construction and Demolition
Debris, gravel, sand, bricks, etc.) can either be landfilled with no negative environmental impacts or crushed and given to companies
specializing in the fabrication of construction materials (if a market is identified, BioCrude can offer them these by-products (crushed
or uncrushed). 

BioCrude s Integrated MSW to Energy Complex
for Municipal Applications 

BioCrude s solution of an Integrated Municipal
Solid Waste to Energy complex is in line with the present trends in the Municipal Solid Waste MSW industry and the main
advantage of same is that it is comprised of a Materials Recovery Facility MRF and different modular waste treatment
processes (Composting, Bio-methanation and Refuse Derived Fuel RDF )) and a power station, in order to treat the MSW and
procure renewable energy and other marketable by-products (compost, ash and certain recyclables) with the added implication of practically
zero-landfill policy (less certain inerts which have zero negative environmental impact, if landfilled). 

The material components (modules) of an Integrated
Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex are detailed as follows: 

1. 
 Entrance to complex : Kiosk and weighbridge (reception/departure
 and weighing of garbage trucks (pre-and-post deposit of MSW at the MSW Storage facility). 

2. 
 MSW Storage facility : Closed and properly ventilated warehouse
 facility for receiving and storing just in time (JIT) 3 days inventory of MSW. MSW is moved from the storage facility and
 moved via machinery and conveyor belts to the Materials Recovery facility. 

3. 
 Materials Recovery facility (MRF) : a properly ventilated facility
 that houses different types of machinery/equipment (either procured from suppliers or built in-situ according to plan specifications)
 requisite for different facets of the separation process of the MSW into the distinct categories of the waste (organics, hydro-carbon
 polymer based, cellulose, inerts, miscellaneous (batteries, cadavers, etc. )) and prepare same as the distinct feedstock for
 the different waste treatment processes (Composting, Biomethanation and Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF)), as well as separate the recyclables
 for resale and the inerts (elements of construction and demolition debris that are not recyclable) for landfilling or to be crushed
 and given/sold (negligible in nature in comparison to the revenue model established by the tipping fees, and resale of electricity
 and compost) to the secondary markets for the manufacturing of building materials. 

17 

4. 
 Composting facility : A portion of the land concession will host
 a type of composting system (Windrow [with procured mechanical mixing machinery (trucks) like compost turners or tub/horizontal grinders]
 or Static Aerated Piles [aeration system such as installed perforated piping to ensure steady oxygen supply (forced air) for microorganisms
 and to reduce moisture content]), depending on BioCrude s evaluation of the waste analysis. A fertilizer will be procured,
 dried and stored in a warehousing facility for by-products. 

5. 
 Biomethanation facility : Modular digesters are constructed in
 series and synchronized in operation to receive organics and process same to extract and capture the methane gas which will be piped
 to the Biogas RDF power plant (will be combusted for the procurement of renewable energy) and in addition, yield a cured
 fertilizer which will be dried and stored in the warehousing facility for by-products. 

6. 
 RDF facility : A refuse derived fuel system (gasification derivative)
 will be procured and installed. The RDF facility will receive the hydro-carbon polymer and cellulose based waste products that will
 be used to make RDF pellets (compressed and dried) that will be used as the feedstock for combustion within same to generate renewable
 energy within the Biogas RDF power plant. 

7. 
 RDF Biogas power plant : will be procured and installed
 within a certain section of the Complex with a dedicated Distributed Control System (DCS) for the MSW-Energy (RDF Biogas based)
 power plant fuel processing plant (controls instrumentation for the boiler and turbine, instrumentation for the balance
 of the power plant and control room). 

8. 
 Internal roads : will be constructed within the complex for vehicle/truck
 transport/passage within the complex. 

9. 
 Green Belt : will be developed for aesthetic purposes and municipal
 environmental conformities. 

18 

Business Model 

The Company s business model is designed to
create a profitable revenue stream through the direct acquisition of Concession Agreements from different Governments for the implementation
of BioCrude s integrated MSW-Energy Complexes. Our products, processes and services, marketed to the relevant target audience,
enable us, to generate multiple revenue streams and consistent profitability derived from the high gross profit inherent within the realms
of our proprietary products, services and applications. 

By acquiring the necessary Concession (MSW, Land
and Supply of Treated Effluent) and Power Purchase Agreements (PPA), from the respective governmental authorities of a certain country,
with Sovereign Guarantees (with right of subrogation), the Company will develop its Integrated Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex,
under BOOT (Build, Own, Operate Transfer) basis. 

The following contractual understandings are the key prerequisite elements
for establishing a mutual meeting of the minds, by and between BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. and the governmental authorities of a
municipality/country, for the successful realization of BioCrude s MSW-Energy Complexes: 

1. 
 MSW Concession for the guaranteed delivery of MSW to the Complex
 with an implied base tipping fee per ton Put or Pay with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project
 with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. 

2. 
 Land Lease Concession for the delivery of the required amount
 of land for project term (30 years), at an annual symbolic lease rate of 1/amount of land delivered/annum, with an option of renewal
 for an additional term (30 years). 

3. 
 Supply of Treated Effluent Concession whereby the governmental
 authorities will supply the necessary treated water in order to fulfill the operational requirements of the MSW to Energy complex
 at a negligible symbolic annual rate for the term of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). 

4. 
 Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) [resale of procured electricity to the Power Corporation
 of the country in question], whereby the Power Corporation of a certain country will buy back the electricity produced by the MSW
 to Energy Complex at a base rate per kW-hr Take or Pay ), with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project
 with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same.

5. 
 Assistance from the Appropriate Governmental Ministries and Municipalities in obtaining all necessary
 permits and clearances for the Construction and Operation of the MSW-Energy Complex (stipulations in contracts). 

Nota Bene : Depending on country policy
on foreign investment, the Company may request or be granted an exemption of taxes, levies, duties, and all other relevant taxes applicable
to the importation of all plant, materials, equipment and rolling stock for the Construction of the MSW-Energy complex, from the appropriate
Ministries, related thereto. 

All of the aforesaid Concession agreements have to
be granted at the same time in order for BioCrude to successfully realize the development (Engineering, Procurement and Construction)
and operation of the MSW to Energy complex (the Sovereign Guarantees and right of subrogation are critical and paramount
for the funding requirements of the MSW to Energy complex). 

Target Market 

The global Waste to Energy segment of the waste management
industry is the target market BioCrude addresses. Management is confident it will succeed in having its integrated systems and processes
widely implemented across Africa, Asia, the Balkans, the GULF and North America with a view to expanding to other international markets
(Latin America). The Company s first step in penetrating its target market has been taken with the progressive and successful lobbying
of the various governmental divisions of the Republic of C te d Ivoire for the pursuit of the pertinent waste management
Concessions Agreements for the municipalities of Bouak , (District Autonome de la Vall e du Bandama and Dabou (District
Autonome des Lagunes). 

19 

Strategies of the Company 

BioCrude s strategy is designed to create a
 PROFITABLE revenue stream through the direct acquisition of Concession Agreements from different Governments, for the implementation
of BioCrude s integrated MSW-Energy Complexes, or through the establishment of unique and strategic alliances via licensing arrangements
and/or joint ventures within the industry milieu. 

BioCrude has developed what we believe is a highly
effective marketing strategy, built on a proactive direct marketing campaign with Government, large corporate facility management that
target the sector for waste product treatment and reformation. The Company believes that this will result in the development of a
marketing and distribution network with extensive coverage of the Company s target market at a minimal expense, allowing the Company
to reach profitability. We believe that our marketing strategy will permit us to generate an extensive customer/end user base; however,
there can be no assurance that our estimate regarding acceptance of our products and services will be correct. 

The Company s long-term strategy is to create
economically beneficial uses for waste streams through resource transformation solutions. Since the value of marketable by-products (commodities;
renewable energy, fertilizer, primary feedstock for building materials, etc. ), after processing costs, is a significant and absolute
amount, in juxtaposition to disposal options (ZERO), such as landfilling or incineration, the Company believes this strategy is effective
long-term. The Company believes that as carbon taxes or cap and trade systems are implemented and the demand for commodities rises, economics
will further favor this strategy. The Company is also focusing on lowering the cost of resource transformation solutions by reducing
its recycling processing operating costs, examining ways to mitigate commodity price fluctuations (forward contracts for marketable by-products),
and developing new processing technologies. These steps will help to build an effective business model at lower commodity pricing levels. 

The Company is focused on four main areas to improve
the performance of base operations and hence, increase cash flow generation. They are Pricing initiatives, Cost controls and operating
efficiencies, Integrated Waste to Energy development initiatives with long term Concession Agreements and Asset Management. 

BioCrude has developed a number of Lobbying (Sales/Solicitation)
programs and the standardization of same. We believe that the pricing logic used in our fee structures, with implied Put or
Pay and Take or Pay provisions for the supply of feedstock and resale of outputs (renewable energy),
respectively, is not only reasonable, but competitive. We expect to continue to add valued ameliorations to our structured fee-based
pricing of products and services. The goal of our pricing program is to generate price increases in excess of CPI, whilst being competitive
in nature. BioCrude will derive revenues from a combination of commodity sales (Marketable by-products fertilizer and energy
resale), carbon credits (CER s under the auspices of a Clean Development Mechanism (CDM project)) and tipping
(gate) and material processing fees. Fluctuations in commodity pricing are managed by a number of risk mitigation strategies including
financial hedging instruments (transfer of foreign exchange risk), floor prices, forward sales contracts, and index purchases. The goal
is to optimize and stabilize the revenue stream, while still being competitive, net of cost of operations, and generate consistent positive
cash flows. 

The Company continues to search for the best continuous
improvement practices and programs as solutions to then implement as part of its corporate governance. The goals of these practices and
programs are to enhance customer service, increase safety for employees, and to reduce operating and administrative costs. The Company
has implemented continuous improvement strategies, and as such, as of date, the Company has introduced select operating efficiency initiatives
in safety, productivity, maintenance, customer service, environmental compliance, and procurement. 

Prior Activities of BioCrude Canada 

Within certain countries, if an entity wants to pursue
certain specialized works, it is recommended that the entity establish a presence within the same (establish a corporation with a civic
address). As an example, in 2009, this was done in Romania with the anticipation that BioCrude Canada would be successful in acquiring
the concession agreements from the governmental authorities of Romania. BioCrude was not successful in meeting its objective in Romania
for same and stopped its lobbying works for the pursuit of said engagement by and between the Governmental authorities of Romania and
BioCrude for the implementation of BioCrude s proposed MSW to Energy complex in Romania, closed its preliminary office and the
corporation became dormant. 

20 

Since July 2008, BioCrude Canada has taken the initiative
to market and promote its intellectual property and specialized technical expertise throughout the marketplace, both nationally and globally
(we have introduced our technology to Governments and major Conglomerates in the Waste to Energy sector) in over 30 Countries worldwide,
whereby BioCrude has successfully opened up dialogue with Governmental Authorities and respectable corporations for near future contractual
negotiations. 

In December 2007, Jaipuria Advanced Technologies,
Inc. (http://www.jaipuria-group.com and http://www. smvjaipuria.com/waste.php) of India, and BioCrude Canada, announced their formation
of a new division dedicated to Waste Reformation and Energy Procurement for the purpose of pursuing contracts in India. In many areas
of the country, waste management and energy shortages are a serious problem. With Jaipuria s construction and large project experience,
and with the use of the intellectual property supplied by BioCrude in terms of waste management and production of renewable energy, we
have, in January, 2008, submitted a bid, in response to a tender for a Waste to Energy plant (2,000 TPD) in Okhla and Tymarpur, India
(we were not the selected candidate) and Indore, India (Collection and Treatment of municipal waste; 600 TPD; we were not the selected
candidate). 

During this time, we have also negotiated with Pepsi
Co India to build a 50 TPD prototype in the city of Panipat, India, in a strategic joint venture alliance. A few months later,
Pepsi Co India s New President/CEO had a change of corporate venue and put aside the Waste to Energy initiative. Ever since then,
BioCrude Technologies, Inc. (Canada) decided not to pursue any more works in India. 

The Company, through its commercialization efforts,
has established good relationships with governments and ministries in more than 70 countries in North America, Latin America, Asia, Africa
and Europe and received a positive reception when presented with its waste to energy solution for their waste management dilemmas. This
produced dozens of Letters of Interest, submitted to BioCrude, by different divisions of Governments (federal/municipal) from different
countries, worldwide. 

2009 2024 -
 Marketing and Commercialization : BioCrude presented its waste to energy solution to governments and ministries from USA,
Canada and Mexico in North America, Costa Rica, Panama, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru, Brazil, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Colombia, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Honduras, Jamaica, El Salvador, Cuba, Uruguay, Bahamas and Trinidad Tobago in Latin America, China, Hong Kong, Mongolia,
Kazakhstan, Vietnam, Indonesia, Philippines, India, Bangladesh, and Pakistan in Asia, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates,
Kuwait, Qatar, Jordan, Oman, and Bahrain in the Middle East, Portugal, Luxembourg, Belgium, Hellenic Republic, Malta, Corsica, Albania,
Bulgaria, Romania, Serbia, FYROM (Macedonia), Spain, Montenegro, Kosovo, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Latvia, Armenia, amongst other countries,
in Europe, Ivory Coast, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Togo, Senegal, Benin, Angola, Niger, Guinea, Mali, Uganda, Burundi, Rwanda, Morocco, Tunisia,
Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Kenya, Ethiopia, Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kinshasa), Republic of the Congo (Brazzaville), amongst other
countries in Africa. 

Pricing initiatives 

BioCrude has developed a number of sales/solicitation
programs and the standardization of the sales/solicitation process and standardized the sales/solicitation process. We believe that the
pricing logic used in our fee programs, with implied Put or Pay and Take or Pay provisions for the supply
of feedstock and resale of outputs (renewable energy), respectively, is reasonable and competitive. We expect to continue to add to our
fee-based pricing through additional administrative fees, recycling fees, late charges, and further improvements to our existing fee
structures. The goal of our pricing program is to generate price increases more than CPI. BioCrude will derive revenues from a combination
of commodity sales (Marketable by-products fertilizer and energy resale), carbon credits (CER s under the Clean
Development Mechanism established pursuant to article 12 of the Kyoto Protocol (CDM project) and being replaced
by the Paris Accord; yet to be defined and signed off on) and tipping fees paid for material processing. Fluctuations in commodity pricing
are managed by a number of risk mitigation strategies including financial hedging instruments (transfer of foreign exchange risk), Sovereign
Guarantees, floor prices, forward sales contracts, index purchases, and tipping fees. The goal is to smooth revenue, net of cost of products
purchased, and generate consistent cash flows. 

21 

Cost controls and operating efficiencies 

The Company continues to search for the best practices
throughout the entire organization and then implements these solutions through standardized continuous improvement programs. The goals
of these programs are to enhance customer service, increase safety for employees, and to reduce operating and administrative costs. The
Company has implemented continuous improvement strategies and the introduction of select operating efficiency initiatives in safety,
productivity, maintenance, customer service, environmental compliance, and procurement. 

Integrated Waste to Energy development initiatives
with long term Concession Agreements 

BioCrude excels is the reformation of MSW using its
intrinsic intellectual property as well as its expertise in Integrated Waste to Energy Processing Complexes. BioCrude has and will continue
to invest time, effort and valuable resources in the pursuit of Governmental Concession (MSW, Land, Supply of Treated Effluent and Power
Purchase Agreements (PPA)) Agreements, for the duration of twenty-five to thirty years, for the implementation of same. The essence of
the Concession Agreements, not only guarantees the MSW and implied tipping fees, related thereto (with annual indexing), but the resale
of the marketable by-products (energy to grid via PPA) for the duration of the term, with Sovereign Guarantees. Investments in Waste
to Energy facilities position the Company well for the evolution of the industry from waste management to resource management. 

Company milestones and plan of execution 

During the past 10 years, BioCrude has developed
a reputation in waste management, a result of R D of Environmental Technologies (both process and product based) whereby it has enhanced
and optimized conventional technologies, augmented by its fungal technology that increases the rate of decomposition of organics. This
led to the development of efficient, cost-effective, and environmentally friendly products, processes and systems for the reformation
of waste material and the creation of renewable energy and marketable by-products. 

BioCrude s MSW to Energy initiative is, by
definition, an en suite of waste management and energy procurement, whereby the latter is a marketable byproduct derived
from the intrinsic processes of the treatment of the MSW by procuring the necessary constituent feedstock (primary material) to produce
the renewable energy in the modular section for power generation of the Integrated MSW to Energy complex. In order to realize an integral
MSW to Energy complex, as defined in the Business Model of the registration statement, all Concession Agreements (guarantee
of MSW supply, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent) as well as a Power Purchase Agreement must be contracted concurrently, for they are
 ALL necessary constituent elements for the development of an integrated MSW to Energy complex i.e., you cannot have some
or most of the agreements (Concessions/PPA) in place, but must have ALL in place, at the same time, simply because of the
nature of the project in question. 

BioCrude s revenue model is based on revenue
generation from the following: i) the operation of MSW to Energy complexes (tipping fees, resale of renewable energy, resale of other
marketable by-products (compost, recyclables) and potential carbon credits, ii) Joint Venture license fees, whereby the prospective Joint
Venture partner will buy a license from BioCrude (payment to be effected immediately after signature) for their participation in the
consortium and will infuse its prorated share of equity capital for the potential MSW to Energy complex, and iii) EPC Engineering,
Procurement Construction) management fees (general contracting fees, approximately 20 of the capital cost of the project). 

In order to realize an integrated MSW to Energy complex,
as defined in the Business Model , all Concession Agreements (guarantee of MSW supply, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent)
as well as a Power Purchase Agreement must be contracted concurrently, for they are ALL necessary constituent elements
for the development of an integrated MSW to Energy complex. 

In order to acquire the concessions for Biocrude
waste management (MSW to Energy), major lobbying must be done in all levels of government and ministries (e.g., Biocrude s waste
management project is an environmental project thus requiring the intervention of the Ministry of Environment, renewable energy is procured,
hence requiring the intervention of the Ministry of Energy/Power and Power Corporation (usually crown corporation), the municipalities
usually are responsible for the granting of the MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concessions and the Ministry of Finance is responsible
for the signing of the Sovereign Guarantees, and in some instance, countries might have other intervening governmental agencies). 

22 

BioCrude has positioned itself, through its continual
lobbying efforts (ongoing), for potential Joint Ventures (JV) with certain governments (countries/clients). Should any of these Joint
Ventures prove to be realized because of the persistent lobbying activities, not only will BioCrude be able to realize the EPC management
fee for the development of the MSW to Energy complex(es), but it will also receive its prorate share (50 of the revenue stream of the
developed MSW to Energy complex(es), with similar time frame frequencies as mentioned above, as well as a license fee (BioCrude already
submitted offers) immediately following signature of the Joint Venture engagement and the Concession and Power Purchase agreements. BioCrude
anticipates that if the prospective JV partner(s) take the initiative to implement (not only entertain) a waste management solution for
their country, but possible engagement can also be realized within 6 to 12 months following that initiative (being cognizant of bureaucracy
and red tape procedures of government). 

As part of BioCrude s marketing strategy, BioCrude
invests time, effort, and resources in order to prepare tailor made prefeasibility studies, presentations educational literature
for municipalities worldwide, and sends corporate delegations to these places for presentation of same, at no expense to these governmental
institutions. This attribute of BioCrude s direct marketing campaign has proven to be very successful. Governments worldwide were
not only receptive, but appreciative of BioCrude s formal and professional address. These efforts have given BioCrude a profound
understanding of the challenges faced by governments at all levels in their dealings with waste management issues. 

BioCrude, as well, is looking at approximately 24
to 26 months (development time frame for the realization of MSW to Energy complex) before it can start generating absolute, guaranteed
revenues from the operation of the MSW to Energy complex(es) (tipping fees/fees from the resale of marketable by-products (compost, ash,
primary feedstock for building materials (inerts), recyclables, etc. ), resale of renewable energy and carbon emission reduction
credits [CERs]), servicing the waste management needs of the Governments of the Republic of C te d Ivoire, as per the provisions
and stipulations of the contractual engagements with the government (with implied sovereign guarantees), for a minimum guaranteed term
of 30 years (and an option for an additional 30 years). 

BioCrude is evaluating additional options for funding
(capital markets, financial institutions, contracting companies, pension funds, etc. amongst other financially engineered hybrid
scenarios thereof) and has already opened up dialogue regarding same. BioCrude has received a term sheet for the funding of the MSW to
Energy project for the Union of the Comoros, ergo, BioCrude will shortly be able to commence works for ground breaking and start receiving
its (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) EPC management fee as its first projected revenue stream on a prorate schedule subject
to a disbursement schedule in accordance to the terms and stipulations of the expected offer of funding. 

BioCrude, with confidence, aims to be a leader in
waste management, having set as its objective, the profitability inherent within the realms of the activities issued of this sector,
while building business relationships and social implications within the collectivity s/communities that BioCrude is called upon
to serve, beyond the environmental and social implications, and beyond the business imperatives. 

BioCrude has adopted a directive, as part of its
corporate governance, to routinely undertake innovative strategic planning initiatives in order to design and implement integrated solid
waste systems that are responsive to dynamic demographic and industrial growth needs of municipalities. Strategic planning starts with
the formulation of long-term goals based on the local urban needs, followed by a medium and short-term action plan to meet these goals.
The strategy and action plans should identify a clear set of integrated actions, responsible parties and needed human, physical and financial
resources as part of the waste management solution. 

BioCrude has not only demonstrated its proven ability
to open dialogue and develop relationships with the various divisions of Governments worldwide (Administrative and Technical) but has
also developed confidence in same for potential and eventual engagement. BioCrude s Public Relations and Business Development divisions
have demonstrated their lobbying abilities as highly effective, efficient, and productive in yielding results and establishing goodwill
for BioCrude. 

23 

At present, the provisioning for waste treatment
and green reformation of these products into renewable energy sources is regionalized and within a given geographic
region of operations, can be competitive. However, we believe that there are no other entities that provide turnkey solutions targeted
to all types and sizes of users. However, there are waste treatment providers that may elect to enter this designated market if our model
is successful. We compete on the basis of engineering uniqueness, quality, cost-effectiveness and the increasingly comprehensive and
specialized nature of our services, along with the expertise, technology and professional support we offer. While we believe that we
will have a competitive cutting-edge advantage by being the most specialized in the market, there can be no assurance that our assumptions
regarding our competitive position will be proven correct. 

We will require additional capital to meet our liquidity
needs. Currently, the Company has determined that its anticipated monthly cash flow needs should not exceed 30,000 per month for twelve
months following the filing date of these financial statements. 

The Company s projected capital needs and its
projected increase in expenses are based upon the Company s projected acquisition of Municipal Solid Waste, Land and Supply of
Treated Effluent Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements PPA per facility interests over the coming twelve months;
however, in the event that the full offering proceeds are not raised, the Company would acquire the Municipal Solid Waste, Land and Supply
of Treated Effluent Concessions and PPA per facility at a slower pace and/or focus its energies on the refinement of existing properties
to maximize their productivity. The Company s success does not depend on a scheduled acquisition and therefore it has flexibility
to scale back its expenses to meet actual sources of cash. 

We anticipate that we will receive sufficient proceeds
from investors through this offering, to continue operations for at least the next twelve months; however, there is no assurance that
such proceeds will be received and there are no agreements or understandings currently in effect from any potential investors. It is
anticipated that the Company will receive increasing revenues from operations in the coming year; however, since the Company has a short
history of revenues, it is difficult to anticipate what those revenues might be, if any, and therefore, management has assumed for planning
purposes only that it may need to sell common stock, take loans or advances from officers, directors or shareholders or enter into debt
financing agreements in order to meet our cash needs over the coming twelve months. The Issuer has no agreements or understandings for
any of the above-listed financing options. 

The Use of Proceeds section includes a detailed description
of the use of proceeds over the differing offering scenarios of 100 , 75 , 50 and 25 . As the Company s expenses are relatively
stable, not incorporating elements of severe force majeure, the Company believes it can fund its present operations with projected revenues
together with offering proceeds under any of the offering scenarios. The Company will consider raising additional funds during 2024 through
sales of equity, debt, and convertible securities, if it is deemed necessary. 

BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. has no intention
in investing in short-term or long-term discretionary financial programs of any kind. 

The Company s belief is based on its business
model, which in turn is based on assumptions which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the Company s financial resources may
not be sufficient to satisfy its capital requirements for this period and may need to raise additional funds. If additional funds are
raised through the issuance of equity, equity-related or debt securities, such securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to those of the rights of the common stock and the Company s shareholders may experience additional dilution. Management
cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, when required, if at all. If adequate funds are not
available or not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to fund its expansion, promote its brand as desired, take
advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities, develop, or further enhance and/or optimize its products and services or respond
to competitive pressures. 

24 

In order to commence implementation of the business
plan by executing the first set of acquired Concession agreements (with implied PPA) for the implementation of a MSW to Energy complex
for the Republic of C te d Ivoire, approximately 14 million is required (other engineered options of funding a percentage
of the equity in the form of debt for the facility, i.e. contractor funding for EPC and higher debt to equity ratios due to Sovereign
Guarantees, amongst other hybrid, financially engineered funding solutions, can reduce the amount required to raise). To continue operations
for the pursuit of the aforesaid milestones, a minimum of 1 million is required for the carrying capacity of same. 

BioCrude s revenue model is based on revenue
generation from the following: i) the operation of the MSW to Energy complexes (tipping fees, resale of renewable energy, resale of other
marketable by-products (compost, recyclables) and potential carbon credits, ii) Joint Venture license fees, whereby the prospective Joint
Venture partner will buy a license from BioCrude (payment to be effected immediately after signature) for their participation and will
infuse its prorated share of equity capital for the potential MSW to Energy complex, and iii) EPC Engineering, Procurement 
Construction) management fees (general contracting fees, approximately 20 of the capital cost of the project). In essence, these fees
must be paid regardless, and BioCrude management will execute and capture remuneration for same. 

Hereunder is a schedule of events (agenda) for the
realization (full execution) of the MSW to Energy projects in Dabou, District des Lagunes, and Bouak , District Autonome de la
Vall e du Bandama, Republic of C te d Ivoire (inclusive: contract realization process), in order for BioCrude to start
realizing revenues as an ongoing concern, not taking into account any prospective joint ventures in the works. Both projects will be
developed concurrently. 

Different facets of the Company s works
and schedule of events for the pursuit and realization of MSW to Energy projects 

Contract Conclusion, Engineering, Procurement 
Construction 

A. Signature of the following Accords are necessary
for the realization of the MSW-Energy Complexes in Dabou, District des Lagunes, and Bouak , District Autonome de la Vall e
du Bandama, Republic of C te d Ivoire. 

1. 
 Deed of Assignment Agreements Protocol of Engagement by and between the Government of the Republic of C te d Ivoire and BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

2. 
 Concessions Agreements for the Municipal Solid Waste, Land Lease Agreement
 and Agreement for the supply of treated Municipal Water. 

3. 
 Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) with the C te d Ivoire
 nergies (CIE: National Power Corporation) [Power Corporation of the Republic of C te d Ivoire]. 

4. 
 Opening of a new Ivorian Corporation (in the country in question) totally
 owned by BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc., opening of bank account and execution of all party obligations contained in the Deed of
 Assignments. 

5. 
 Site selection/ site attribution (site Identification with legal designation
 (Cadastral, Lot, etc. ...) and assignment to BioCrude via emphyteusis) for the MSW-Energy Complexes (in Dabou and Bouak ),
 preparation of legal documents (emphyteutic leases) to annex same to the Land Lease Agreements and Assignment of selected parcel
 of land to BioCrude, as per the stipulations of the Land Concessions agreements. 

6. 
 Granting of a Bank Guarantee to BioCrude from the Ministry of Budget
 and Finance of the Republic of C te d Ivoire, as per the stipulations of the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements. 

(Timeline: approximately 2 months 

B. Organizational Matrix: Construction, Management, Operations and
Maintenance of Project 

25 

1. 
 Flowchart of management staff 

2. 
 Organization of the Waste Management (Collection, Transportation, Sorting
 and Treatment) 

3. 
 Flowchart of Engineering, Procurement and Construction 

4. 
 Flowchart of Operations Complex and Maintenance 

5. 
 Flowchart for the influx of feedstock and the out flux (distribution) of by-products 

Fully executed; timeline: The tasks
identified above in B are part and parcel of the submitted preliminary proposal, which included the Prefeasibility Study 
Detailed Project Report and the Business Plan (with financial metrics) , to the Governmental Authorities
of the Republic of C te d Ivoire for the realization of the Concession and Power Purchase Agreements in accordance to the
provisions of the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP)). 

C. Project implementation plan for the Integrated
Municipal Solid Waste to Energy Complex 

1. 
 Opening of the office in Abidjan, Republic of C te d Ivoire: expected
 completion date September 2024 

2. 
 Recruitment and training of human resources in respective districts
 of the acquired Concessions Agreements in Republic of C te d Ivoire (for engineering, management, operation, and maintenance): expected
 completion date September 2025 (preliminary core) 

3. 
 Recruitment of human resources in Canada (for key management positions): expected
 completion date September 2025 

4. 
 Preliminary Engineering: completed in preliminary proposal (generic) 

5. 
 Analysis of Municipal Solid Waste: expected completion date August 2024 

6. 
 Study of the site and soil studies: expected completion date August 2024 

7. 
 Detailed Engineering plans: expected completion date November 2024 

8. 
 Detailed plan of the development strategy of the complex: expected completion date December
 2024 

9. 
 Hiring of project manager(s) and subcontractors (either through reference
 or through tender): expected completion date September 2025 

10. 
 Recruitment of Material and Equipment specialist suppliers, via reputation
 in the marketplace or tender: expected completion date December 2024 

(Timeline: 6 to 8 months) 

D. Human Resource List for Project Implementation 

1. 
 Project management 

3. 
 Structural Engineers 

4. 
 Electrical Engineers 

5. 
 Mechanical Engineers 

26 

6. 
 Environmental Engineers 

7. 
 Geological Engineers 

8. 
 Designers 

9. 
 Architects 

10. 
 Planners 

11. 
 Buyers 

12. 
 Supply Agents 

13. 
 Cost Controllers 

14. 
 Training Coach 

(Timeline: 2 to 4 months 

E. Development and implementation of the EPC project guide (Engineering,
Procurement and Construction) 

1. 
 Program Implementation Plan Project Execution Plan PEP ): Completed 

2. 
 Preparation of studies and preliminary engineering plans: Completed 

3. 
 Preparation of studies and detailed engineering design: 3 months following task D 

4. 
 Planning and timetable for the project (Gantt Chart): 3 months following task D 

5. 
 Obtaining permits and governmental approvals and clearances for the construction and operation of the complex: 2 months following submission of detailed engineering plans to the related Governmental Agencies of the Republic of C te d Ivoire (timeline provision in agreements and signed off by the Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire) 

6. 
 Construction: 10 to 14 months following the execution of E.5. above, incorporating a startup synchronization period of approximately 1 to 2 months 

7. 
 Operation and Maintenance Complex: NA for Development timeline 

F. Project Management and Control: Project Implementation Plan (PIP) 

1. 
 A preliminary feasibility study and a detailed report of the complex: Completed 

2. 
 Strategic planning and economic analysis: Completed 

3. 
 The selection of the field: Completed 

4. 
 Preliminary engineering: Completed 

Economic analysis and project risks 

The estimate of the total capital investment as well as operating and maintenance costs 

The preliminary assessment of environmental impact and permitting requirements 

The technology research, analysis, and conceptualization 

27 

5. 
 Reliability analysis: Completed 

6. 
 The technology selection, project configuration and sizing: Concurrently with task E.3. and its timeline: Completed 

7. 
 The studies and engineering plans for the environmental permitting: Concurrently with task E.3. and its timeline: June 2024 

8. 
 Research Techniques: Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

9. 
 The strategy and planning for the reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

10. 
 The preparation of the Clean Design Mechanism documents for submission to the CDM program (literature and the detailed report for project compliance with the standards and requirements established by the UNFCCC): Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

11. 
 Carbon capture and storage: Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

12. 
 The carbon credit analysis: Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

13. 
 Energy efficiency: Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

14. 
 The analysis of the applicable regulations: Concurrently with task C and its timeline 

15. 
 The economic and financial analysis (Business Plan) for the preparation of the application for funding Completed; we have already opened dialogue with an EPC firm for not only engaging same for the EPC works, but also financing same under the proviso of BioCrude subrogating its right to the Sovereign Guarantees; waiting for proforma proposal from EPC firm 

16. 
 The selection for the companies to carry out the civil works, and procure materials and equipment required for the development of the project (initiate works) Completed; we have already opened up dialogue with an EPC firm for not only engaging same for the EPC works, but also financing same under the proviso of BioCrude subrogating its right to the Sovereign Guarantees; waiting for proforma proposal from EPC firm 

17. 
 The management and supervision of the project 10 to 14 months; duration of EPC works 

18. 
 The operation and maintenance of the MSW-Energy complex NA for Development timeline 

19. 
 The invoice, receipt, and payment collection NA for Development timeline 

20. 
 Organization of briefings to the public NA for Development timeline 

G. Environmental Impacts Analysis 

The evaluation process: 

1. 
 The assessment of critical elements used in the development of the
 project, emissions harmful to the environment, leaching into soil, drainage, etc. 

2. 
 Potential erosion, the effects of the use and release of public waters
 on the tributaries, the adjacent ecological systems to the site, etc. 

3. 
 The number of vehicles (trucks, cars, etc. and emissions of pollutants 

28 

4. 
 The energy used in the complex and cooling of various buildings 

5. 
 Materials used for the manufacture of the floor 

6. 
 Building materials used for roofs 

7. 
 Management and treatment of municipal solid waste (MSW) 

8. 
 The quality of water and air 

9. 
 The negative environmental impacts and mitigation, thereof 

10. 
 Analysis of existing site and the impact of adverse effects thereon,
 for the development of the MSW-Energy complex to minimize the impact thereof 

11. 
 Effect of development on sensitive regional systems sent by either air or by ground water systems

(Partially executed; timeline: Submitted
preliminary proposals for Dabou and Bouak (included Prefeasibility Study Detailed Project Report incorporating
an Environmental Impact Analysis to the Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire for the
realization of the Concession and Power Purchase Agreements in accordance to the provisions of the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private
Partnership (PPP); the Environmental Impact Analysis was deemed satisfactory by the Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te
d Ivoire,). 

Planning and Timetable for the Project 

The Summary forecast for the following tasks of the project planning encompasses
a timeline of 6 to 8 months: 

Analysis of the composition and characteristics of municipal solid waste, 

Study and preparation of plans for the preliminary engineering, 

Study and preparation of detailed plans of Engineering. 

The Summary forecast for the Construction synchronization
of different modules in the MSW to Energy complex of the project planning encompasses a timeline of 16 to 18 months (incorporating approximately
4 months for project preparation for ground-breaking ceremony). 

Material Agreements 

We have filed (with SEC as part of the Company s
S-1(/A) registration statement(s)) our Material Agreements (the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), the
Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), and MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concession Agreements), with SEC as part of the Company s
S-1(/A) registration statement(s), respectively by and between the Governmental Authorities of the Grande Comore and BioCrude. 

January 2016 Concluded Engagements :
signed Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), MSW, Land and Supply of Treated Effluent Concession Agreements
and a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), by and between the Government of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore and BioCrude Technologies
USA, Inc., for the implementation of the first Waste to Energy complex in the municipality of Moroni, which are as follows: 

29 

Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP):
 exclusively assigning the rights of waste management treatment to BioCrude via the inter-related specific concession vehicles,
 all defining protocol and mode of engagement as well as rights, interests, and obligations of each engaging entity for the term of
 engagement (30 years) with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed January 11, 2016, and amended
 on December 9, 2016. 

MSW Concession for the guaranteed delivery of MSW to the Complex
 with an implied base tipping fee per ton of MSW Put or Pay for the minimum MSW guarantee of 700 TPD) with annual
 escalations for the term (30 years) of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees
 from the Minister of Finance endorsing same. Contract was signed January 11, 2016, and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Land Lease Concession for the delivery of the required amount
 of land for project term (30 years), at an annual symbolic lease rate of 1/amount of land delivered/annum, with an option of renewal
 for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed January 11, 2016, and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Supply of Treated Effluent Concession whereby the governmental
 authorities will supply the necessary treated water to fulfill the operational requirements of the MSW to Energy complex at a negligible
 symbolic annual rate for the term of the project with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years). Contract was signed
 January 11, 2016, and amended on December 9, 2016. 

Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) [resale of procured electricity
 to the Power Corporation of the country in question], whereby the Power Corporation of a certain country will buy back the electricity
 produced by the MSW to Energy Complex at a base rate per kW-hr Take or Pay for all of the renewable energy
 procured less the self-consumption needs of the MSW-Energy complex), with annual escalations for the term (30 years) of the project
 with an option of renewal for an additional term (30 years) and Sovereign Guarantees from the Minister of Finance endorsing same.
 Contract was signed January 11, 2016, and amended on December 9, 2016. 

A Revolving Letter of Credit (RLC) , replenished
quarterly (for the duration of the term of the contractual engagements) will be issued by the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous
Island of the Grande Comore (a temporary Treasury bond has been issued to BioCrude on December 10, 2016, which will be replaced by the
RLC), as per the provisions and stipulations of the contractual engagements (submitted to the SEC), as a default payment mechanism guarantee,
in the event of nonpayment of the tipping fees or for the purchase of the renewable energy, which can immediately, after default, be
drawn upon, to remedy default. The face value of the RLC is to cover the tipping fees and resale of electricity payments for a whole
year, multiplied by a factor of 1.5. 

On July 27, 2017, the Governmental Authorities
of the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore have issued to BioCrude a Treasury Bond , with supporting literature
(indenture, resolutions, etc. as filed with SEC as part of the Company s S-1(/A) registration statement(s), as well as
other in other Form filings) baring a face value of twenty million United States Dollars (20,000,000 USD), in lieu of a Revolving
Letter of Credit (RLC) , replenished quarterly (for the duration of the term of the contractual engagements), as per the provisions
and stipulations of the contractual engagements (Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements). This Treasury Bond serves as a default payment
mechanism guarantee, in the event of nonpayment of the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore s
financial contractual obligations (tipping fees and/or fees due for the purchase of the renewable energy), which same can immediately,
after default, be executed upon by BioCrude, to remedy default. 

Nota Bene : The parties (the Governmental
Authorities of the Grande Comore and BioCrude), following discussions, agreed to enforce amendments discussed and reflect same within
the agreements and agreed to sign these new agreements, as amended, on December 9, 2016, replacing all of the agreements signed on the
11 th of January 2016. The principal points of amendment were to incorporate the identified land concession, which was assigned
to BioCrude, by governmental decree, on November 12, 2016, and to reflect the new governmental administration that was elected to office
as the representatives for the Governmental divisions of the Grande Comore that engaged with BioCrude. 

30 

For the Union of the Comoros, the Company is still
awaiting documents from the Federal Governmental Authorities stating that the Federal Government is the new Intervening Party to the
Concession(s) agreements previously signed with the Governorate (province; autonomous region) of Moroni, after the outcome of the Federal
Referendum, whereby through same, contracting, and economic powers are transferred from the Governorate (Province) level to that of Federal
level. The Referendum outcome favored the Federal Government over that of the Governorate (Autonomous) Region of Moroni, i.e., authorizing
documents are still pending. 

Hereunder is insight into the Company s objectives
and realizations (contractual engagements, permits, clearances, etc with the financial metrics related to the same, that were
used as a basis for management s determination of the Offering price for the Company s stock. The following contractual attributes
are intrinsic to the aforesaid contractual (Concessions) agreements: 

Contracts
 are backed by Government Sovereign Guarantees 

De
 Facto Exclusivity of waste management for country, by Governmental Decree 

Law
 and Jurisdiction of Dispute Arbitration (Canada) 

Existing
 Law of Contract execution (existing national law of when contracts were signed) immunized
 against change of law in the future, with Grandfather clause 

Government
 issuance of (USD 55 Million) Bank Guarantee; covers any interim financial defaults 
 replenished quarterly 

Government
 payments are in US dollars (foreign exchange rate risk eliminated) 

Zero
 Income Taxes, VAT s and no levies duties of imported materials, equipment, rolling
 stock, etc. for duration of contract (30 years) 

Assignment
 of contracts/change of control clauses benefiting BioCrude (to its discretion) 

Land
 Lease Concession: Emphyteutic lease for 30 hectares of land, for 30 years (term), and for
 an additional 30-year renewal term (no escalations / changes) 

Supply
 of Effluent Concession: Symbolic 1 US per 14,000 kL of Effluent (water) per day, for 30
 years (term), and for additional 30-year renewal term (no escalations / changes) 

Supply
 of primary feedstock (waste): 2,000 tons per day not only at zero cost, but at either a gate
 fee [government pays BioCrude this tipping fee] or the Government buys back all procured
 marketable derived by-products from the treatment of waste process at a fee, which incorporates
 the offset gate fee; guaranteed minimum 

Government
 buys back all procured renewable energy (net of self-consumption of complex) via a Power
 Purchase Agreement for the duration of the 30-year term and renewal option thereof 

BioCrude
 is beneficiary of all Certified Emissions Reduction Credits (CERs) due to the MSW to Energy
 project 

BioCrude s management and its Joint-Venture
Partner, China Machinery Industry Construction Group Inc. (SINOCONST), have BONIFIDE credentials to execute the Engineering, Procurement,
and Construction EPC of the MSW to Energy project, as well as the management of the operations to same 

31 

Status of Corporate Works (Milestone dates) 

On April 4th, 2017, China Machinery Industry Construction
Group Inc. s (SINOCONST) and BioCrude Technologies, Inc. have signed a strategic Partnership (JV) Agreement which embodies the
understood exclusive engagement by and between the participants of the JV Consortium (SINOCONST and BioCrude) for any present and future
Waste to Energy Project(s) acquired by any party worldwide. SINOCONST will be responsible for the EPC works (for the development of the
Project(s) [Design and Build]) as well as securing the financing for the Project(s), while BioCrude will be the operator (Operation and
management). 

China Machinery Industry Construction Group Inc.
(SINOCONST), is one of the earliest large state-owned construction enterprises in China, having Class A general construction contracting
certification and Class A design certification approved by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, and having AAA credit
standing and foreign trade license granted by the Ministry of Commerce. SINOCONST has passed the certification of ISO9001 Quality Management
System, ISO14001 Environmental Management System and GB/T 28001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. Presently, SINOCONST
has 15 wholly owned subsidiaries, 4 Business Division divisions, 19 branch companies, 8 joint-stock companies and 1National Exemplary
Technician Institute. It boasts more than 10,000 employees, including 3,000 various engineers. 

During the past 60 years since its establishment,
SINOCONST has successively undertaken hundreds of large and medium key projects involving different sectors, such as machinery, automobile,
building materials, metallurgy, electric power, chemical, petroleum, electronics, light industry, broadcasting TV, environmental
protection, municipal, public and civil buildings etc., with projects performed throughout the country. SINOCONST has made great contribution
to China s industrial development and modernization. 

SINOCONST will be responsible for the EPC works (for
the development of the Project(s) [Design and Build]) as well as securing the financing for the Project(s), while BioCrude will be the
operator (Operation and management). Both SINOCONST and BioCrude will engage with SPV s/SPE s, with Contract (Project) Agreements
and Operation and management Agreements. 

As a caveat for securitizing payment of the contract
price for Engineering, Procurement and Construction EPC works, via the financing mechanism established by SINOCONST,
JV Consortium will set up Special Purpose Vehicle s/Entity s SPV/SPE for each and every acquired
Project. The JV Consortium s mission and ethos for creating an SPV/SPE of each well-defined Project is to enable direct securitization
of financially engineered loans (and other receivables) against direct assets. SINOCONST s association (equity participation) into
every SPV/SPE will be provisional, in a sense where same will have a certain stake in the shareholdings (Common Stock) of the SPV/SPE
(as defined in the Capital Structure of the SPV/SPE, as referenced below and in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of same, refer
to Annex I), until such time that the loans vested for the development (Design, Building of Project by SINOCONST) of the Project are
fully paid back by the JV Consortium from the proceeds of the receivables (for services rendered to client by the Project (SPV/SPE)),
and all shares of Common Stock held by SINOCONST are transferred (sold to BioCrude for Project loan(s) repayment, only) to BioCrude as
full and final settlement for the loan (that paid for the contract price of said development to SINOCONST). As part and parcel to the
securitization of the loans in the SPV/SPE, BioCrude shall assign and/or subrogate its rights to its assets of that distinct Project
(Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, Sovereign Guarantees, Revenues of Operation, etc. to the SPV/SPE JV Consortium ),
and same shall be subject to Charges (Mortgage, privilege, etc..) for financing (funding), only. 

On April 4th, 2017, SINOCONST s General Manager
of the Group Business Development Department, Mr. Zhou Tao, and BioCrude Technologies (Comoros), LTD. [Hong Kong SPV established by SINOCONST
and BioCrude, as a JV Partnership], Chairman and CEO, Mr. John Moukas, have signed a Construction (EPC) Contract Agreement which embodies
SPV s engagement of SINONST to Design, Construct, and Finance BioCrude s Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) to Energy Complex in
the municipality of Moroni, Autonomous Island of the Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros, to treat MSW and procure renewable energy and
other marketable by-products (organic fertilizer, ash, primary feedstock for building materials, etc. within the conforms of
BioCrude s acquired Concession and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as BioCrude s Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private
Partnership with the Governmental Authorities of the Autonomous Island of Grande Comore, Union of the Comoros. 

32 

On April 29, 2018, Comoros s President Sem
Azali Assoumani declared that a referendum on amending the country s Constitution would be held in July 2018. The results of the
referendum were in favor of changing the constitution, and one of the issues of address was federal consolidation of powers, and as such,
the Federal Government of the Union of the Comoros, would now be the new Intervening Party to the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements,
as well as the Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), in lieu of the Governorate of the Autonomous Island
of Grande Comore. 

BioCrude requested from the Federal Government
of the Union of the Comoros legal division, a legal opinion of the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, as well as the Deed
of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP), incorporating the change of the Contracting/Intervening Party. The Federal
Government of the Union of the Comoros legal division has yet to issue same. 

Signature of the following Accords are imperative
for the realization of the MSW-Energy Complexes in Dabou (District Autonome des Lagunes) and Bouak (District Autonome de la Vall e
du Bandama), Republic of C te d Ivoire: 

1. Deed of Assignment Agreement pursuant to a Public Private Partnership
 (PPP) [ Protocol of Engagement ] by and between the Government of the Republic
 of C te d Ivoire and BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc., whereby the Governmental
 Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire engaged, by Governmental
 Decree , to grant total De Facto Exclusivity for Waste Management Services
 in the regions of District Autonome des Lagunes and District Autonome de la Vall e
 du Bandama in the Republic of C te d Ivoire. 

Nota Bene : It is worthwhile mentioning that the
Republic of C te d Ivoire has an estimated population of 26.4 million (2020 census). The projected average garbage generation
for the Republic of C te d Ivoire is approximately 0.9 kg per capita per day, yielding a total quantum of 16,000 tons/day
(minimum) of solid waste with a collection efficiency of 65 . With that said, it is projected that the Republic of C te d Ivoire
can host approximately 6 to 8 MSW to Energy complexes (with some complexes varying in treatment capacities, and with some others being
treated as centralized plants to handle waste in neighboring communities having a combined total quantum of approximately 2,000 tons
per day (smaller population communities). 

2. ALL of the Concessions (MSW, Land, Supply of Treated Effluent and Power
 Purchase Agreements) are backed by Governmental Sovereign Guarantees , signed
 off by the office of the Minist re de l conomie et des Finances
 de la R publique de C te d Ivoire , whereby, same guarantees are
 issued by the Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire to respect
 Any and All of the Government s obligations (including financial default;
 fees from the sale of marketable derived by-products and purchase of energy fees), as well
 as any monetized prejudices incurred due to Government of the Republic of C te d Ivoire s
 fault(s) (including Termination of Agreements, whereby the Government of the Republic of
 C te d Ivoire will be subjected to penalty fees as per the stipulations in the
 Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements) inherent within the realms of ALL 
 of the Concessions and Power Purchase Agreements, for the duration of the term (30 years)
 of ALL of the Concessions Agreements, and renewal terms thereof (an additional
 30 years). In the event of financial default, or any default that has bestowed a prejudice
 to BioCrude Technologies, Inc., on behalf of the Governmental Authorities of the Republic
 of C te d Ivoire, the Minist re de l conomie et des Finances
 de la R publique de C te d Ivoire will immediately remedy (pay) same from
 the Treasury of the Government of the Republic of C te d Ivoire, without protest
 or contestation. This Guarantee Mechanism is in place for the duration of the term (and renewal
 term(s) thereof) of ALL the Concessions and PPP Agreements , and until all financial
 obligations for same have been fulfilled, in their entirety. 

3. Site selection / identification for the MSW-Energy Complexes in Dabou
 and Bouak , Republic of C te d Ivoire have been done and Assignment of same
 has been executed, by either Assignment by Governmental Decree [federal land:
 La Soci t de Gestion et de D veloppement des Infrastructures Industrielles
 (SOGEDI)] or emphyteutic lease [private] and annexed to the Concession(s) Agreements. 

33 

4. BioCrude Technologies, Inc. has been granted the right, by the Governmental
 Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire, to Assign Assignment/Change
 of Control provisions) ALL of the Concessions Agreements, and the PPP Agreements,
 with all attached rights and interests, (as well as the right of subrogation of all rights
 and interests of same to any financial institution for the purposes of funding the project)
 to any third party, without the direct intervention of the Concessioner as per the terms,
 conditions and stipulations of same. The Concessionaire has assigned (or will assign) ALL
 of the Concessions Agreements, and the PPP Agreements to its affiliate BioCrude Technologies,
 (Hong Kong) Limited , with the Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te
 d Ivoire s benediction (endorsed by the Honorable Minister of the Minist re
 de l conomie et des Finances de la R publique de C te d Ivoire).

5. The Governmental Authorities of the Republic of C te d Ivoire
 has exempt BioCrude Technologies, Inc. from the impositions of any Value Added Tax (VAT),
 as well as any and all import / customs duties, levies and taxes implicated with the importation
 of all machinery, vehicles, materials, equipment and other consumer goods requisite and contributing
 to the project, vis a vis, construction of the infrastructure and development of the business,
 and any Corporate Income Tax Obligations (i.e., ZERO CORPORATE INCOME TAX ),
 increasing the operating cash flow for the company (all, as defined within the context of
 Deed of Assignment pursuant to a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) Agreement), for the duration
 of the contracts (30 years), and the option of renewal thereof (additional 30 years). 

Financial metrics (projections) for the MSW to Energy projects
for Dabou (District Autonome des Lagunes), Republic of C te d Ivoire (Financial metrics for Bouak , District Autonome
de la Vall e du Bandama, Republic of C te d Ivoire are EXACTLY similar): 

TECHNICAL DATA / FINANCIAL METRICS PROJECTIONS
FOR 1 COMPLEX 

Project Development Implementation 

Project Capacity 
 2 000 tonnes /day 

Electricity recovery 
 16.0 MW- h (gross) 13.4 MW-h (net) 

Fertilizer production 
 320 tons/day 

Construction material recovery 
 600 tons/day 

Carbon Credits (CER s) 
 132,000 tons CO2 /y 

Tipping fee rates 
 0.00 US/tonne 

Resale electricity rates (PPA) 
 0.074 US/kW-h 

Resale of marketable by-products rates 
 60.50 US/ton 

Carbon Emissions Reduction Credits (CER s) resale rates 
 0.00 US/ton CO2 [BONUS] 

Project Cost 

Process engineering technology (JV Licence) 
 0.0 million USD 

Construction cost 
 128.7 million USD 

Working capital 
 6.8 million USD 

Construction schedule (from groundbreaking) 
 18 - 20 months 

Total Project Cost 
 
 135.5 million USD 

Project Finance 

Equity 
 13.3 million USD 

Debt 
 115.0 million USD 

Deferred debt (construction period) 
 7.2 million USD 

Total Project Cost 
 
 135.5 million USD 

Revenue 

Base Resale of marketable by-products 60.50 X 2,000 tons) 
 46.2 million USD 

Electricity recovery 
 7.9 million USD 

Carbon credits (CER s) 
 0.0 million USD 

Construction material recovery 
 0.0 million USD 

Total Revenue 
 
 54.1 million USD/year 

Expenses 
 
 37.9 million USD/year 

Net Income 
 
 16.2 million USD/year 

34 

Note Bene 

Official 1 st full year of operation following construction,
i.e. year 3 

Marketable Derivative
By-Products (Rates) 

Governmental
Authorities of C te d Ivoire,
by virtue of contractual engagement, guarantee to deliver the minimum amount of waste (2,000 tons (units) per day for the complex in
the city of Bouak , (District Autonome de la Vall e du Bandama facility and 2,000 tons (units) per day for the complex
in the city of Dabou (District Autonome des Lagunes in accordance to the Put
or Pay provisions
(i.e., regardless of whether there is a delivery of the minimum requisite 2,000 tons (units) of waste a day or not, the the Government
is required, in all circumstances to pay the minimal amount associated to 2,000 tons (units) a day). 

The
quantum of the sale of ALL 
 of the marketable derivative by-products (defined above) per annum, shall
be the product of 2,000 units per day by 365 days per year and with the cumulative total value of all the derivative by-products, multiplied
by 60.50 US per unit. The above-mentioned total remuneration shall serve as the revenue for the Project for the first year. Every subsequent
year shall use the previous year s
revenue, indexed with a yearly escalation of four-point-five percent (4.5 [compounded continuously], for the duration of the term of
the Contract, and renewal option thereof. 

Nota
Bene : Regardless of the number of marketable by-products produced (incorporating the deficiency of the minimum guaranty of MSW
[Put or Pay provision] and excluding the renewable energy produced and sold to the power corporation (C te d Ivoire
 nergies), via a Power Purchase Agreement and the Carbon Emissions Reduction Credits (CERs), the minimum number of units (tons)
of marketable by-products sold to the Governmental Authorities of C te d Ivoire,
for billing purposes, and within the context of contractual engagement (expressed and defined in the Concessions, PPA PPP Agreements),
project capacities have been elucidated to treat 2,000 tons per day, and not less. 

Quoted discounted resale of renewable electricity tariffs
with annual indexation (rates comparable to the inflation index in the Republic of C te d Ivoire) 

Year
 from COD 
 US /kW-h 
 Additional
 Adjustment Factor US /kW-h) 
 
 1 
 
 0.074 US 
 
 0.00 US 

Year
 1 from COD; resale rate of electricity to the CIE will be as tabulated above. 

Year
 2 to Year 30 from COD; resale rate of electricity to the CIE will be the sum of the resale
 rate of the previous year plus the total of the escalation index multiplied to that rate
 of the previous year. 

For
the minimum guaranteed supply of waste Put
 or Pay of 2,000
tons per day , with same having a calorific value of 2,200 kCal/kg , the projected gross procurement of renewable
energy is 16 MW-hr (Mega Watt hours). The net amount of renewable energy available for resale to the power corporation
of the Republic of C te d Ivoire
after facility self-consumption (operation of the complex) is 13.4 MW-hr . 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the
realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated operating revenues
to date and has accumulated losses of 9,415,566 since inception. The Company has funded its operations through the issuance of capital
stock, convertible debt, loans, and advances from related parties. Management plans to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt
financing. There is no certainty that further funding will be available as needed. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability
of the Company to continue operating as a going concern. 

35 

Under the going concern assumption, an entity is
ordinarily viewed as continuing in business for the foreseeable future with neither the intention nor the necessity of liquidation, ceasing
trading, or seeking protection from creditors pursuant to laws or regulations. Accordingly, assets and liabilities are recorded on the
basis that the entity will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable
operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

During the next year, the Company s foreseeable
cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the
requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development.
The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically, it has mostly relied upon internally
generated funds and funds from the sale of shares of stock to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital
through future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be
no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect
upon it and its shareholders. 

Plan of Operation 

With the signing of the Concession Agreements with
the country of the Republic of C te d Ivoire, the Company, during the next twelve months, will be able to aggressively implement
the building of its corporate infrastructure by adding a few key senior managers to oversee the control of the management of the Complexes
and the general management of the Company. In addition, technical staff experienced in the management of the Engineering, Procurement,
and Construction EPC activities, a key component in controlling the successful creation of a Complex, will also be hired.
The anticipated cost for accomplishing this is approximately twenty million United States dollars (20,000,000 USD), which includes the
provisions for infrastructure development of the Company (construction, fixed assets and equipment procurement), human resource staffing
and working capital. The anticipation of raising funds through a common share offering will further allow the Company to comfortably
expand operations (with enhanced Research and Development), in sync, with the essence of BioCrude s mission, as elaborated within
these presents. 

The crucial factor to financial success is the rapid
successful signing of additional concession agreements. Each such agreement requires an immediate investment in the capital stock of
the legal entity created for the purpose of building and subsequently operating the Complex. Additional investments in the capital stock
of each Complex totaling ten percent (10 of the capital expenditure for a given complex must be made in conjunction with the securing
of long-term debt provided by financial institutions (made possible by the sovereign guarantees included in the Concession Agreements).
The legal entities created for the Complexes in a given country take a wholly owned subsidiary of a joint venture owned fifty per cent
(50 each by the Company and the local government providing the sovereign guarantee. The Company anticipates the creation of a total
of eight (8) subsidiaries and two (2) joint ventures requiring a total of approximately 46 million (note: each joint venture entity
requires the upfront payment of a licensing fee on the part of the Company s joint venture partner, partially offsetting the Company s
investment in the Complex and providing a portion of the funds required to operate the Company and make further investments in additional
Complexes). 

Asset Management 

BioCrude s capital strategy will be focused
in two main areas: 

Implementing operating programs that improve capital efficiency and
 asset utilization; and 

Pursuing selective strategic investment opportunities in waste transformation
 and resource optimization. 

36 

BioCrude seeks to selectively invest growth capital
in high-return opportunities that will enhance its ability to support emerging customers and market needs in waste transformation and
resource optimization. The investment strategy seeks to leverage core competencies in materials processing to create additional value
from the waste stream. 

Revenue Streams 

The Company has identified five (5) main revenue
streams. Revenues derived from each Complex (Plant Operating Revenue) are the largest and most secure as this relies on the long-term
Concession Agreements. 

Plant Operating Revenues 

This revenue stream is comprised of the following
elements: 

Tipping Fees 

In exchange for the provided environmental services,
municipalities must pay a tipping fee per ton of waste delivered by the city to the MSW-Energy Complexes Tipping Fees based on the long-term Concession Agreement on a Put or Pay (for full face value) basis. 

Sales of Power 

In the W2E plant, the waste is processed in RDF (Refuse
Derived Fuel) and Biomethanation processes to yield marketable by-products. RDF and biogas are used for power generation. The power is
sold to the grid based on a long-term contract (Power Purchase Agreement) on a Take or Pay (for full face value)
basis. 

Sales of Carbon Credits 

The carbon credits gained by reducing green gas emission
and by producing power based on renewable energy Clean Design Mechanism (CDM)) are sold on the carbon credit market. 

Sales of By-Products 

The by-products of recycled materials and fertilizer
will be marketed and sold to third parties: 

Compost will be sold to the farming industry (which, in certain instances,
 is subsidized by the government), at spot market prices, less 15 . BioCrude may sell any excess product outside of the municipality
 and/or country. 

Ash can be sold to resellers of construction materials. 

Processed inerts (primary feedstock for building materials) can be
 sold to entities (local and foreign) engaged in that processing milieu. 

Recyclables can be sold to entities (local and foreign) engaged in
 that processing milieu. 

In the unlikely event MSW feedstock is not delivered
to the Complex, the MSW Agreement ensures that BioCrude is compensated for any shortfall in revenue derived from the sale of electricity
and by-products of Compost, ash and recyclables produced by the complex. 

Engineering, Procurement and Construction Fees 

To ensure that the planned benefits contained in
the design of each Complex is realized BioCrude undertakes to supervise the entire EPC process and is compensated accordingly, adhering
to industry norms for such expertise. 

37 

Servicing Fees 

Once the Complex is commercially operational, BioCrude
is responsible for the ongoing operation and maintenance of the related facilities. The Company is compensated for supervising this activity
in accordance with the terms of the contracts agreed to and signed prior to the commissioning of each Complex. 

Licensing Fees 

To accelerate the proliferation of the Company s
presence in the W2E market and at the same time reduce the demand on its cash resources, BioCrude is willing to license its technology,
to selected third parties in the form of joint ventures, resulting in another potential source of revenue. 

Results of Operations 

For the nine and three months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023 

Revenue 

We did not generate revenue during the nine and three
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Costs and Expenses 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
there were 212,867 of operating expenses consisting of general and administrative expenses compared to 203,596 of operating expenses
for the same period in 2023. The increase of the operating expenses mainly related to professional fees incurred during the current year
period, combined with more stock issued for services during the current year period (most of which was issued in the first quarter of
the current year). 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
there were 26,661 of operating expenses consisting of general and administrative expenses compared to 48,379 of operating expenses
for the same period in 2023. The decrease of operating expenses mainly related to the Company incurring less for professional fees in
the three months ended September 30, 2024 whereas in the three months ended September 30, 2023 the Company incurred additional professional
fees related to lobbying bonus fees with no similar fees in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 76 in
cash and did not have any other cash equivalents. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. To date, we have financed our operations through the issuance of stock and borrowings. 

In summary, our cash flows were as follows: 

For
 the nine months period ended September 30, 2024 
 For
 the nine months period ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (178,603 
 (111,161 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (1,239 
 (2,240 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 179,918 
 113,000 
 
 Net
 increase (decrease) in cash 
 76 
 (401 
 
 Cash,
 beginning of period 
 
 439 
 
 Cash,
 end of period 
 76 
 38 

38 

Due to the limited nature of the Company s
operations to date, the Company does not believe that past performance is any indication of future performance. The impact on the Company s
revenues of recognized trends and uncertainties in our market will not be recognized until such time as the Company has had sufficient
operations to provide a baseline. 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 178,603 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, as a result of net loss of 216,835, change in accounts payable and accrual liabilities of 889, unrealized foreign
exchange gain of 2,025, change in prepaid expenses of 35,194 offset by depreciation of 3,419, change in accrued interest and accrued
interest-related party of 2,721, and stock issued for services of 70,200. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 111,161
for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of net loss of 206,417, change in accounts payable and accrual liabilities
of 18,193, change in accounts payable and accrual liabilities related party of 26,346, change in accrued interest and accrued
interest-related party of 2,821, unrealized foreign exchange loss of 1,280, stock issued for services of 43,500, and depreciation of
 3,116. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 1,239
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as a result of purchasing a printer. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 2,240 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of purchasing property, plant, and equipment. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 179,918 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, as a result of 129,380 received from the sale of common stock, 94,815 received from related party advances,
 10,428 received from related party debt, offset by 38,754 for repayments of related party advances, and 15,945 for repayments of related
party debt. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 113,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as a result of 113,000 received from the sale of common stock. 

Going Concern Liquidity 

As of September 30, 2024 we have identified factors
that raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue operating as a going concern. Since inception, we have financed
our cash flow requirements through issuance of common stock and related party advances. As we expand our activities, we may, and most
likely will, continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of listings or some form of advertising
revenues. Additionally, we anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through common stock offerings, to the extent
available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital. In the future we need to generate
sufficient revenues from sales in order to eliminate or reduce the need to sell additional stock or obtain additional loans. There can
be no assurance we will be successful in raising the necessary funds to execute our business plan. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next twelve months. Our lack of operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects
must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development,
particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable
business model and the management of growth. 

To address these risks, we must, among other things,
obtain a customer base, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our
website, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

39 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying
our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements, which we discuss under the heading
 Results of Operations following this section of our MD A. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult
and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

In Financial Reporting Release No. 60, Cautionary
Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies FRR 60 ), the Securities and Exchange Commission
suggested that companies provide additional disclosure and commentary on their most critical accounting policies. In FRR 60, the SEC
defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition
and operating results and require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make
estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, our most critical accounting policies include non-cash
compensation valuation that affects the total expenses reported in the current period and the valuation of shares and underlying mineral
rights acquired with shares. The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying these most critical accounting policies have a significant
impact on the results we report in our financial statements. 

We set forth below those material accounting policies
that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition and that require complex
management judgment. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant areas requiring management s estimates and assumptions
include determining the fair value of transactions involving shares in common stock. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Available Information 

We are subject to the informational requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All of our reports are able to be reviewed through the SEC s Electronic Data
Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) which is publicly available through the SEC s website (http://www.sec.gov). 

We intend to furnish to our stockholders, annual
reports containing financial statements audited by our independent certified public accountants and quarterly reports containing reviewed
unaudited interim financial statements for the first three-quarters of each fiscal year. You may contact the Securities and Exchange
Commission at (800) SEC-0330 or you may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission s public reference room at the following location: 

Public Reference Room 

 100 F. Street N.W. 

 Washington, D.C. 2054900405 

 Telephone: (800) SEC-0330 

40 

ITEM 3 . QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is not exposed to market risk related
to interest rates or foreign currencies. 

ITEM 4 . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act ), as of September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), who
concluded, that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the three months ended September
30, 2024, there were no changes in our system of internal controls over financial reporting. 

41 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company is not a party to any legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A . RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes in the risk factors
set forth in the Company s annual report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These risk factors should be carefully
considered with the information provided elsewhere in this report, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 2 . UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company issued 17,550 shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of 70,200 for services rendered and issued 32,345
shares of the Company s common stock for cash proceeds of 129,380. 

ITEM 3 . DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4 . SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE
OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

None. 

ITEM 5 . OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6 . EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

(a) 
 The following documents are included or incorporated by reference as
 exhibits to this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(b) 
 REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. 

Registrant 

By: 
 /s/ John Moukas 

Chief Executive Officer 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e6083_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John Moukas, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ John Moukas 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e6083_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John Moukas, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
of BioCrude Technologies USA, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d) - 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ John Moukas 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e6083_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. (the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in
such periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of,
and for, the periods presented in such report. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ John Moukas 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ John Moukas 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: November 7, 2024 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Biocrude Technologies USA, Inc. and will be furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cik1690384-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cik1690384-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cik1690384-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cik1690384-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

