<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1782170_0001782170-24-000223.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7362734</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128921</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1350710</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2450743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1776147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1520318</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001782170-24-000223.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030161125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001782170-24-000223
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Remitly Global, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001782170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				832301143
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40822
		FILM NUMBER:		241410434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		REMITLY GLOBAL, INC.
		STREET 2:		1111 3RD AVE., 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-535-6152

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		REMITLY GLOBAL, INC.
		STREET 2:		1111 3RD AVE., 21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001782170-24-000223.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 rely-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rely-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 7372 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Code Number) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 As of October 28, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page(s) Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as o f September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to C ondensed C onsolidated F inancial S tatements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure s About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II Other Information 36 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. Exhibit s 
 37 
 Signatures 
 38 

i 

Table of Con t ents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including statements regarding future events or our future results of operations, financial condition, business, strategies, financial needs, and the plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, likely, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses, and other operating results; 
 our ability to acquire new customers and successfully retain existing customers; 
 our ability to develop new products and services and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 our ability to achieve or sustain our profitability; 
 our ability to maintain and expand our strategic relationships with third parties; 
 our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 our market opportunity, including our total addressable market; 
 anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 
 uncertainties regarding the impact of geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including currency fluctuations, inflation, regulatory changes, or regional and global conflicts or related government sanctions; 
 our ability to maintain the security and availability of our solutions; 
 our ability to maintain our money transmission licenses and other regulatory approvals; 
 our ability to maintain and expand internationally; and 
 our expectations regarding anticipated technology needs and developments and our ability to address those needs and developments with our solutions. 
 You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements and you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms Remitly Global, Remitly, the Company, we, us, and our in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refer to Remitly Global, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 In thousands, except share and per share data 
 (unaudited) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Disbursement prefunding Customer funds receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Customer liabilities Short-term debt Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Long-term debt Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 both; and shares issued and outstanding, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 In thousands, except share and per share data 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses Transaction expenses (1) 
 Customer support and operations (1) 
 Marketing (1) 
 Technology and development (1) 
 General and administrative (1) 
 Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents 

REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 In thousands 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 In thousands, except share data 
 (unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock previously held back for acquisition consideration Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Donation of common stock Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 In thousands, except share data 
 (unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock for acquisition consideration Issuance of common stock, subject to service-based vesting conditions, in connection with acquisition Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, including early exercised options, and vesting of restricted stock units Donation of common stock Taxes paid related to net shares settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense, net Donation of common stock Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Disbursement prefunding ) ) Customer funds receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) Customer liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalized internal-use software costs ) ) Cash paid for acquisition, net of acquired cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP Proceeds from revolving credit facility borrowings Repayments of revolving credit facility borrowings ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Cash paid for settlement of amounts previously held back for acquisition consideration ) Repayment of assumed indebtedness ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other noncurrent assets, net Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

REMITLY GLOBAL, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 

1. 
 countries, Remitly s digitally native, cross-border payments app delights customers with a fast, reliable, and transparent money movement experience. 
 Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Remitly and the Company within these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements refer to Remitly Global, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 2. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no individual customer represented 10 or more of total revenues or customer funds receivable. 

Advertising expenses totaled million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Advertising expenses totaled million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Deferred revenue, end of the period Revenue recognized from amounts included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the period 
 Deferred revenue represents amounts received from customers for which the performance obligations are not yet fulfilled. Deferred revenue is primarily included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the performance obligations are expected to be fulfilled within the next year. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing expenses 
 Total sales incentives 

Canada Rest of world Total revenue 
 
 4. 
 Payment card receivable 
 Tax receivable 
 Other receivables 
 Capitalized cloud computing arrangement costs, net 
 Prepaid compensation arrangements 
 Restricted cash 
 Other prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Computer and office equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Projects in process Total gross property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Stock-based compensation costs capitalized to internal-use software Amortization expense (2) 
 __________ 
 (1) Amounts are inclusive of stock-based compensation costs capitalized to internal-use software as denoted within the table. 
 (2) Amounts are included within Depreciation and amortization within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Technology and development General and administrative Total amortization expense 
 
 The following table presents the Company s total capitalized cloud computing arrangement costs, net of accumulated amortization, on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, December 31, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other noncurrent assets, net Total capitalized cloud computing arrangement costs, net 

11 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 million, as follows: 
 (in thousands) Amount Cash paid to selling shareholders Equity issued to selling shareholders, including replacement of equity awards attributable to pre-combination services Holdback liability to be settled in cash and Company equity Effective settlement of pre-existing net receivable owed to the Company Total consideration transferred 
 The fair value of equity was determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock immediately prior to acquisition, and includes shares issued in Company common stock, inclusive of shares which are subject to service-based vesting conditions over a period. Approximately million of these proceeds were accounted for as pre-combination expense, and included within the total consideration transferred noted above, with the remaining million to be recognized as post-combination share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. The equity issued excluded shares and restricted stock units held back and not legally issued at the acquisition date, as further discussed below. 
 Approximately million of the cash and equity proceeds were held back to satisfy any necessary adjustments, including without limitation, indemnification claims related to general representations and warranties, and any net working capital adjustments. As of the acquisition date, the majority of this holdback was expected to be settled in cash, with the remainder in shares of Company common stock and restricted stock units. Such amounts were subject to a holdback period, net of any amounts necessary to satisfy all unsatisfied or disputed claims for indemnification and net working capital adjustments. As of the acquisition date, this represented approximately million in cash and million in equity, as discussed above, issuable at the end of the holdback period in the Company s common stock, subject to the aforementioned adjustments. Refer to the discussion below regarding the settlement of the holdback consideration during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Included in consideration transferred is the settlement of a pre-existing net receivable owed to the Company by Rewire, which was effectively settled and became intercompany arrangements as of the closing of the transaction. Excluding the impact of the outstanding net receivable owed to the Company by Rewire, the Company would have paid million more for the business at closing, and therefore the GAAP purchase price reflects an increase in that amount. The settlement of pre-existing relationships between the Company and Rewire did not result in any material gain or loss. The change in the pre-existing receivable to an intercompany receivable has been considered as a noncash activity reflected within the operating activities of the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Holdback Liability 
 The holdback of cash and equity proceeds discussed above was recorded at its acquisition date fair value and was classified as a liability within Other noncurrent liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at the acquisition date. The portion of the holdback settled in Company shares was recorded at its fair value through its settlement date, with changes recorded to earnings. The estimated fair value of the portion of the holdback liability settled in equity used both observable and unobservable inputs, specifically considering the price of the Company s common stock, as well as the probability of payout at the end of the holdback period, and was considered a Level 3 measurement, as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ). 
 
 change in the fair value of the holdback liability during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as the holdback was settled in April 2024. The Company recorded million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to reflect the change in the fair value of the holdback liability through the date of settlement.The Company recorded million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the change in the fair value of the holdback liability. Such amounts were recorded within General and administrative expenses within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million and with million of equity consideration, consisting of shares of the Company s common stock and restricted stock units. The holdback settlement was adjusted for immaterial post-closing net purchase price adjustments identified during the period. 

Disbursement prefunding Customer funds receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other assets, net Intangible assets 
 Trade name Customer relationships Developed technology Goodwill Customer liabilities ) Advance for future deposits 
 ) Other assumed indebtedness ) Other liabilities, net ) Total consideration transferred 

operating segment. 
 Acquired Receivables 
 The fair value of the financial assets acquired include Disbursement prefunding and Customer funds receivable, ne t, with a fair value of million and million, respectively, as disclosed above. The Company has collected substantially all of these receivables. 
 
 transaction costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Transaction costs totaled million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which related to the change in the fair value of the holdback liability. Transaction costs totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which included million and million, respectively, for the change in the fair value of the holdback liability. Transaction costs are primarily related to the Company s aforementioned acquisition of Rewire. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Developed technology ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 . Amortization expense for intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense for intangible assets was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 Total 
 
 8. 

9. 
 million (including a million letter of credit sub-facility) and terminated its then-existing 2020 Credit Agreement. 
 The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility was amended on June 26, 2023 to reflect changes in the applicable interest rate as a result of the sunsetting of the LIBOR interest rate, as noted below. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility was further amended o n December 20, 2023 to increase the revolving commitments from million (including a million letter of credit sub-facility) to million . All other terms of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility remained unchanged. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of unamortized debt issuance costs were included within Other noncurrent assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for an interest period of one month plus (subject to a floor of plus per annum) or (2) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (subject to a floor of plus per annum. Such interest is payable (a) with respect to loans bearing interest based on the Alternate Base Rate, the last day of each March, June, September, and December and (b) with respect to loans bearing interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, at the end of each applicable interest period, but in no event less frequently than every three months. In addition, an unused commitment fee, which accrues at a rate per annum equal to of the unused portion of the revolving commitments, is payable on the last day of each March, June, September, and December. 
 The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility contains customary conditions to borrowing, events of default, and covenants, including covenants that restrict the ability to dispose of assets, merge with other entities, incur indebtedness, grant liens, pay dividends or make other distributions to holders of its capital stock, make investments, enter into restrictive agreements, or engage in transactions with affiliates. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial covenants in the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility include (1) a requirement to maintain a minimum Adjusted Quick Ratio of :1.00, which is tested quarterly and (2) a requirement to maintain a minimum Liquidity of million, which is tested quarterly. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 The obligations under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by the material domestic subsidiaries of Remitly Global, Inc., subject to customary exceptions, and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the borrowers and guarantors thereunder, subject to customary exceptions. Amounts of borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may fluctuate depending on transaction volumes and seasonality. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2023, the weighted-average interest rate was . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had unused borrowing capacity o f million and million, respectively, under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in issued, but undrawn, standby letters of credit. 
 Advance for Future Deposits 
 As part of the acquisition of Rewire, the Company assumed short-term indebtedness of Rewire that represents an advance for future deposits from Rewire s amended agreement with one of its financial partners (the Amendment and the Depositor, respectively) entered into in October 2021. The Amendment has a maturity date of November 2024. The Depositor made an advance payment to Rewire with respect to future deposits (the Advance for Future Deposits ). The original amount of million Israeli shekel, approximately million, was transferred as an advance under the Amendment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million outstanding under the Amendment, respectively, and was included within Short-term debt on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in the outstanding balance is driven by the change in the foreign exchange conversion rate. The Advance for Future Deposits bears a floating interest rate of + Israeli Prime per annum, paid on a monthly basis. The Israeli Prime rate is defined as the Bank of Israel rate + . As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted-average interest rate was . 
 Assumed Short-term Debt of Rewire 
 As part of the acquisition of Rewire, the Company assumed the amounts due on a revolving credit line that Rewire had entered into in 2021 and the amounts due on a bridge loan that Rewire had entered into in 2022. The total outstanding amounts were repaid during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, along with certain other acquired indebtedness, subsequent to the Company s acquisition of Rewire and were included within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing activity. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 
 RSUs outstanding ESPP Shares subject to repurchase Unvested common stock, subject to service-based vesting conditions, issued in connection with acquisition (1) 
 Equity issuable in connection with acquisition (1) 
 Total __________ 

11. 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to vote for each share held at all meetings of stockholders and is entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Company s board of directors. dividends have been declared or paid by the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 shares of common stock (which was approximately of the fully diluted capitalization as of June 30, 2021) that the Company may issue to or for the benefit of a 501(c)(3) nonprofit foundation or a similar charitable organization pursuant to the Company s Pledge commitment in installments over . On September 10, 2021, the Company executed the stock donation agreement, pursuant to which it issued the first installment of the Pledge commitment to Remitly Philanthropy Fund, a donor advised fund administered on the Company s behalf by Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors, Inc., on the day after consummation of the Company s initial public offering. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 shares of its common stock to Remitly Philanthropy Fund on both September 18, 2024 and September 20, 2023, pursuant to the stock donation agreement, and in connection with the Pledge commitment, which publicly acknowledges the Company s intent to give back and increase social impact, in order to sustainably fund a portion of its corporate social responsibility goals and further its mission to expand financial inclusion for immigrants. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a charge of million and million, respectively, to General and administrative expenses within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the closing price of its common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the NASDAQ on September 18, 2024 and September 20 2023, respectively. 
 
 12. 
 and awards remain available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and the ESPP, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 
 _________________ 
 (1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock. 
 
 stock options were granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised 
 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Aggregate grant-date fair value of RSUs vested 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP 
 A new ESPP offering period commences on March 1 and September 1 of each fiscal year, and the plan includes a rollover feature for the purchase price if the Company's stock price at the end of the purchase period is less than the Company's stock price on the first day of the offering. If this rollover feature is triggered, a new offering period begins. This feature under the ESPP was triggered on February 29, 2024 and August 30, 2024, resulting in incremental stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, to be recognized over the new offering periods. 
 to 
 to 
 Expected term (in years) to years 
 to years 
 Volatility to 
 to 
 Dividend rate 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Marketing Technology and development General and administrative Total 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total unamortized compensation cost related to all non-vested equity awards, including options and RSUs, was million, which will be amortized over a weighted-average remaining requisite service period of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be amortized over the next years. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 charges and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company incurred million related to restructuring initiatives for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and administrative Total restructuring costs 
 
 Expenses incurred 
 Cash payments 
 ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

14. 
 
 and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference between the effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 in all periods was primarily the result of foreign income taxed at different rates, changes in the U.S. valuation allowance, non-deductible stock-based compensation, and recognition of a discrete income tax benefit, primarily driven by excess stock-based compensation deductions. 

15. 
 claims under any indemnification provisions; therefore, such amounts have been accrued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

19 

Table of Contents 

cloud infrastructure arrangement in an amount of million, increasing the total future minimum payments under non-cancellable purchase commitments from the amounts disclosed within the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 with optional renewal periods available. The total contractual commitment related to this lease, including contractual lease increases, is approximately million, exclusive of variable maintenance and operating expenses under the lease agreement. Leasehold improvements within the office space will be constructed under the Company s direction, and the Company will be entitled to an allowance for a substantial portion of the improvements. 
 The Company will recognize the related right-of-use asset and operating lease liability on its balance sheet when it gains control of the leased office space. 
 
 Provisions for transaction losses Losses incurred, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 Accrued transaction expense Accrued marketing expense Accrued salary, benefits, and related taxes 
 Accrued taxes and taxes payable 
 Reserve for transaction losses 
 ESPP employee contributions 
 Holdback liability (2) 
 Other accrued expenses Total _________________ 
 (1) The trade settlement liability amount represents the total of disbursement postfunding liabilities and book overdrafts owed to the Company s disbursement partners. Refer to Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies within the notes to consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion. 
 (2) Refer to Note 6. Business Combinations for further detail on the Holdback liability, which was settled in April 2024. 
 
 17. 
 Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Vesting of early exercised options Stock-based compensation expense capitalized to internal-use software Settlement of equity amounts previously held back for acquisition consideration Issuance of common stock for acquisition consideration Issuance of common stock, subject to service-based vesting conditions, in connection with acquisition Amounts held back for acquisition consideration Settlement of preexisting net receivable in exchange for net assets acquired in business combination 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes, appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the discussion under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. You should read the sections titled Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Form 10-Q. Except as may be required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or the reasons that results could differ from these forward-looking statements. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Remitly is a trusted provider of digital financial services that transcend borders. With a global footprint spanning more than 170 countries, Remitly s digitally native, cross-border payments app delights customers with a fast, reliable, and transparent money movement experience. Building on its strong foundation, Remitly is expanding its suite of products to further its vision and transform lives around the world. 
 Our brand promise is to bring peace of mind into everything we do. We focus on bringing trust, reliability, and a fair and transparent price to cross-border remittances and complementary financial services. 
 To deliver on our brand promise, we have a differentiated approach that aligns with the specific needs and interests of our customers who are sending money across borders and solves the problems they often face. There are four core elements to our differentiated approach: 
 Mobile First. Our mobile app for cross-border remittances provides an easy-to-use, end-to-end process with a simple and reliable user experience that delivers peace of mind. In just a few minutes, customers are able to set up and send money for the first time with Remitly, and repeat transactions are easier with just a few taps. Our customers and their recipients can also track the status of their transactions as they are processed, and we provide a reliability promise to customers which is underpinned by our sophisticated risk models, high quality network, and empathetic customer service. This mobile-first experience enables us to engage beyond the initial transaction, generating strong repeat usage and high customer loyalty. Our services are highly non-discretionary for our customers which results in high revenue visibility throughout economic cycles. As of September 30, 2024, our Remitly app had a 4.9 iOS App Store rating with approximately 2.9 million reviewers and a 4.8 Android Google Play rating with over 900,000 reviewers. App rating is based on all countries or regions and the rating may vary based on user location and device type. 
 Global Scale and High Quality Money Movement Platform . Our global network of funding and disbursement partnerships enables us to complete money transfers efficiently in over 5,100 corridors without the need to deploy local operations in each country. We are able to do this while complying with global and local licensing and regulatory requirements. A corridor represents the pairing of a send country, from which a customer can send a remittance, with a specific receive country to which such remittance can be sent. As a result of the quality of our network and the foundational investments we have made, in general every new send country we add results in a significant number of new corridors, as we are able to quickly connect send countries with receive countries, allowing us to continue to scale rapidly. Our scale and direct integration strategy allows us to negotiate favorable terms with both funding and disbursement partners while providing a great end-to-end customer experience including rapid and reliable transfers. 
 We provide broad and high quality disbursement options to our customers allowing them to choose the method that is most convenient for their family and friends to receive funds. We have partner relationships with global banks, aggregators, and leading payment providers to give our customers an array of payment (or pay-in) options, including with a bank account, card-based payments, and alternative payment methods. 
 Our disbursement network enables us to send (or pay-out) funds to over 5.0 billion bank accounts and mobile wallets and approximately 470,000 cash pick-up options. We focus on creating financial inclusion by providing payout optionality and access for recipients who do not always have convenient access to traditional banking. We believe our focus on financial inclusion creates peace of mind for our customers and their families while attracting and retaining loyal customers. 
 Highly Attractive Unit Economics. Our data driven approach to optimizing customer lifetime value combined with a localized and scalable marketing platform allows us to acquire new customers at highly attractive unit economics. As we continue to improve customer lifetime value through product enhancements and changes to variable operating costs, we can optimize marketing spend to drive both growth and efficiency with a focus on maintaining strong unit economics. We believe our expertise in localizing our marketing, products, and customer support at scale is a key differentiator and enables us to provide customers with a personalized experience that drives peace of mind while also delivering high returns on marketing and product investments. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Superior Technology Platform. We believe that our differentiated approach to building our technology infrastructure enables a great customer experience and allows us to scale to meet customer demands in a more flexible way. We have been able to scale to more customers, more regions, and more use cases while continuing to get better at our reliability, speed, and performance due to our investments and unique approach to our technology platform. This enables not only our ability to scale, but also accelerates innovation on behalf of our customers - whether that is doing simple things well or about enabling new use cases like complementary new products over time. Because our customers initiate transfers digitally, we capture and leverage a body of transaction-related data that provides insight into customer behavior and customer experience. This data and the analytics we perform inform our marketing investments and product development prioritization. In addition, we leverage our data platform and proprietary models to improve our compliance systems and manage pricing, treasury, fraud risk, and customer support. Finally, our proactive investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning have continued to drive scaled improvement in the areas of fraud and risk, pricing, customer support, and marketing. 
 Our Revenue Model 
 For our remittance business, which represents substantially all of our revenue today, we generate revenue from transaction fees charged to customers and foreign exchange spreads applied to the amount the customer is sending. 
 Transaction fees vary based on the corridor, the currency in which funds are delivered to the recipient, the funding method a customer chooses (e.g., ACH, credit card, debit card, etc.), the disbursement method a customer chooses (e.g., bank deposit, mobile wallet, cash pick-up, etc.), and the amount the customer is sending. 
 Foreign exchange spreads represent the difference between the foreign exchange rate offered to customers and the foreign exchange rate on our currency purchases. They are an output of proprietary and dynamic models that are designed to provide fair and competitive rates to our customers, while generating a spread based on our ability to buy foreign currency at generally advantageous rates. 
 Revenue from transaction fees and foreign exchange spreads is reduced by customer promotions. For example, we may, from time to time, waive transaction fees for first-time customers, or provide customers with better foreign exchange rates on their first transaction. These incentives are accounted for as reductions to revenue, up to the point where net historical cumulative revenue, at the customer level, is reduced to zero. We consider these incentives to be an investment in our long-term relationship with customers. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 We regularly review the following key business metrics to evaluate our performance, identify trends affecting our business, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We believe that these key business metrics provide meaningful supplemental information for management and investors in assessing our historical and future operating performance. The calculation of these key business metrics discussed below may differ from other similarly titled metrics used by other companies, analysts, or investors. The key business metrics that we use to measure the performance of our business are defined as follows: 
 Active customers is defined as the number of distinct customers that have successfully completed at least one transaction using Remitly during a given period. We identify customers through unique account numbers. 
 Send volume is defined as the sum of the amount that customers send, measured in U.S. dollars, related to transactions completed during a given period. This amount is net of cancellations, does not include transaction fees from customers, and does not include any credits, offers, or bonuses applied to the transaction by us. 
 Active Customers 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Active customers 7,310 5,409 
 We believe that the number of our active customers is an important indicator of customer engagement, customer retention, and the overall growth of our business. 
 Active customers increased to approximately 7.3 million, or 35 growth, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the number of new customers, driven by investments in our mobile platform and efficient marketing spend, our focus on customer experience and how we serve our customers, expansion of our global disbursement network, and the continued diversification across both send and receive countries. While we continue to see strong results in our largest existing receive countries (India, Mexico, and the Philippines), our successful diversification of our corridor portfolio across both send and receive countries has contributed to new customer growth. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Send Volume 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Send volume 14,490 10,227 39,195 28,351 
 We measure send volume to assess the scale of remittances sent using our platform. Our customers mostly send from the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and other countries in Europe. Our customers and their recipients are located in over 170 countries and territories across the globe; the largest receive countries by send volume include India, Mexico, and the Philippines. 
 Send volume increased 42 to 14.5 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 10.2 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by the increase in active customers. 
 Send volume increased 38 , to 39.2 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 28.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by the increase in active customers. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Customer Retention and High Customer Engagement 
 Our send volume is primarily driven by existing customers who regularly use our remittance product to send money to family and friends. We believe our mobile-first products and superior customer experience encourage high retention and repeat usage, which are significant though not the only drivers of our performance. 
 We measure active customers to monitor the growth and performance of our customer base. The majority of our active customers send money for recurring, non-discretionary needs multiple times per month, providing a recurring revenue stream with high predictability and durability. 
 Attracting New Customers 
 Our continued ability to attract new customers to our platform is a key driver for our long-term growth. We continue to expand our customer base by launching new send and receive corridors, by continuing to innovate on existing and new products, and by providing the most trusted financial services for customers with cross-border financial needs. We plan to continue to acquire new customers through digital marketing channels and word-of-mouth referrals from existing customers, and by exploring new customer acquisition channels. Given the nature of our business, new customer acquisition marketing investments may negatively impact net loss and Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter they are acquired, but are expected to favorably impact net loss and Adjusted EBITDA in subsequent periods as many customers continue to send transactions in the periods after they are acquired. 
 Customer Acquisition Costs 
 Efficiently acquiring customers is critical to our growth and maintaining attractive customer economics, which are impacted by online marketing competition, our ability to effectively target the right demographic, and competitive environment. We have a history of successfully monitoring customer acquisition costs and will continue to be strategic and disciplined toward customer acquisition. For example, for performance marketing, we set rigorous customer acquisition targets that we continuously monitor to ensure a high return on investment over the long term, and we can increase or decrease this investment as desired. Customer acquisition costs which are deployed to acquire new customers or retain existing customers in certain circumstances, are a component of advertising expenses as defined in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Corridor Mix 
 Our business is global and certain attributes of our business vary by corridor, such as send amount, customer funding sources, and transaction frequency. For example, a period of high growth in receive corridors with large average send amounts, such as India, could disproportionately impact send volume while impacting active customers to a lesser extent. While shifts in our corridor mix could impact the trends in our global business, including send volume and customer economics, we have the ability to optimize these corridors over the long term based on their specific dynamics. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonality 
 Our operating results and metrics are subject to seasonality, which may result in fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and operating results. For example, active customers and send volume generally peak as customers send gifts for regional and global holidays including, most notably, in the fourth quarter around the Christmas holiday. This seasonality typically drives higher fourth quarter customer acquisition, which generally results in higher fourth quarter marketing costs and transaction losses. It also results in higher transactions and transaction expenses, along with higher working capital needs. Other periods of favorable seasonality include Ramadan/Eid, Lunar New Year/T t, and Mother s Day, although the impact is generally lower than the seasonality we see in the fourth quarter and the timing of some of these holidays varies from year to year. Conversely, we typically observe lower customer acquisition and existing customer activity through most of the first quarter, especially in regions that experience favorable seasonality in the fourth quarter. Following the fourth quarter, typically the second quarter is seasonally the next strongest quarter from an existing customer activity perspective, however customer activity and the impact on financial results can vary across quarters based on the timing of holidays and other geographic drivers. Additionally, the number of business days in a quarter and the day of the week that the last day of the quarter falls on may also introduce variability in our results, working capital balances, or cash flows period over period. 
 Our Technology Platform 
 We will continue to invest significant resources in our technology platform. These investments will allow us to introduce new and innovative products, add features to current products, enhance the customer and recipient experience, grow our payment and disbursement network, invest in our risk and security infrastructure, and continue to secure data in accordance with evolving best practices and legal requirements. While we expect our expenses related to technology and development to increase, which may impact short-term profitability, we believe these investments will ultimately contribute to our long-term growth. 
 Management of Risk and Fraud 
 We manage fraud (e.g., through identity theft) and other illegitimate activity (e.g., money laundering) by utilizing our proprietary risk models, which include machine learning processes, early warning systems, bespoke rules, and manual investigation processes. Our models and processes enable us to identify and address complex and evolving risks in these unwanted activities, while maintaining a differentiated customer experience. In addition, we integrate historical fraud loss data and other transaction data into our risk models, which helps us identify emerging patterns and quantify fraud and compliance risks across all aspects of our customer interactions. These models and processes allow us to achieve and maintain fraud loss rates within desired guardrails, as well as tune our risk models to target other illegitimate activity. 
 Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Changes 
 Global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including inflation, currency fluctuations, immigration, regulatory changes, trade and regulatory policies, regional and global conflicts, global crises and natural disasters, unemployment, potential recession, and the rate of digital remittance adoption impact demand for our services and the options that we can offer. These factors evolve over time, and periods of significant currency appreciation or depreciation, whether in send or receive currencies, changes to global migration patterns, and changes to digital adoption trends may shift the timing and volume of transactions, or the number of customers using our service. In addition, foreign currency movements impact our business in numerous ways. For example, as the U.S. dollar strengthens, we see customers in certain markets taking advantage of the ability to get more local currency to their families and friends. We also believe the strength of the U.S. dollar and the strength of other developed market currencies versus emerging market currencies make it easier to acquire new customers in certain markets. Conversely, expansion of our international business can negatively impact our condensed consolidated results when these currencies weaken against the U.S. dollar. As we grow, we are becoming more diversified across geographies and currencies, which can help mitigate some localized geopolitical risks and macroeconomic trends. As foreign currency can have a significant impact on our business, we strive to maintain a diversified cash balance portfolio and frequently assess for foreign currency cash concentrations. See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more comprehensive description of current business concentrations. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue is generated on transaction fees charged to customers and foreign exchange spreads between the foreign exchange rate offered to customers and the foreign exchange rate on our currency purchases. Revenue is recognized, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for services provided, when control of these services is transferred to our customers, which is the time the funds have been delivered to the intended recipient. 
 Costs and expenses 
 Transaction Expenses 
 Transaction expenses include fees paid to disbursement partners for paying funds to the recipient, provisions for transaction losses, and fees paid to payment processors for funding transactions. Transaction expenses also include credit losses, chargebacks, fraud prevention, fraud management tools, and compliance tools. We establish reserves for transaction losses based on historical trends and any specific risks identified in processing customer transactions. This reserve is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Over the long term we expect to continue to benefit from increasing scale and improvements in our proprietary fraud models, although we expect some variability in transaction expense from quarter to quarter. 
 Customer Support and Operations 
 Customer support and operations expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses associated with our customer support and operations organization, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, as well as third-party costs for customer support services, and travel and related office expenses. This includes our customer service teams which directly support our customers, consisting of online support and call centers, and other costs incurred to support our customers, including related telephony costs to support these teams, customer protection and risk teams, investments in tools to effectively service our customers, and increased customer self-service capabilities. Customer support and operations expenses also include corporate communication costs and professional services fees. 
 Marketing 
 Marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising costs used to attract new customers, including branding-related expenses. Marketing expenses also include personnel-related expenses associated with marketing organization staff, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, promotions, costs for software subscription services dedicated for use by marketing functions, and outside services contracted for marketing purposes. 
 Technology and Development 
 Technology and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for employees involved in the research, design, development, and maintenance of both new and existing products and services, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense. Technology and development expenses also include professional services fees and costs for software subscription services dedicated for use by our technology and development teams, as well as other company-wide technology tools. Technology and development expenses also include product and engineering teams used to support the development of both internal infrastructure and internal-use software, to the extent such costs do not qualify for capitalization. Technology and development costs are generally expensed as incurred and do not include software development costs which qualify for capitalization as internal-use software. The amortization of internal-use software costs which were capitalized in accordance with ASC 350-40, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software , are separately presented under the caption Depreciation and amortization within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We believe delivering new functionality and improving existing technology is critical to attract new customers and expand our relationship with existing customers. We expect to continue to make investments to expand our solutions in order to enhance our customers experience and satisfaction, and to attract new customers. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses for our finance, legal, compliance, human resources, facilities, administrative personnel, and other leadership functions, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense. General and administrative expenses also include professional services fees, software subscriptions, facilities, indirect taxes, and other corporate expenses, including acquisition and integration expenses. Such expenses primarily include external legal, accounting, valuation, and due diligence costs, advisory and other professional services fees necessary to integrate acquired businesses. See Note 6. Business Combinations in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further details. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation on property and equipment and leasehold improvements, as well as the amortization of internal-use software costs and amortization of intangible assets. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of the interest expense on our borrowings. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net, primarily includes foreign currency exchange gains and losses due to remeasurement of certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business and state income taxes in the United States. We maintain a full valuation allowance for U.S. deferred tax assets, which includes net operating loss carryforwards. We expect to maintain this full valuation allowance in the United States for the foreseeable future as it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized based on our history of losses. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations together with the dollar and percentage change for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Percent 2024 2023 Amount Percent Revenue 336,527 241,629 94,898 39 912,068 679,527 232,541 34 Costs and expenses Transaction expenses 115,554 85,742 29,812 35 313,215 239,995 73,220 31 Customer support and operations 21,792 21,190 602 3 61,910 62,604 (694) (1) Marketing 74,792 61,351 13,441 22 219,862 159,074 60,788 38 Technology and development 68,446 57,014 11,432 20 199,206 160,699 38,507 24 General and administrative 50,920 49,817 1,103 2 140,982 130,715 10,267 8 Depreciation and amortization 4,655 3,418 1,237 36 12,240 9,634 2,606 27 Total costs and expenses 336,159 278,532 57,627 21 947,415 762,721 184,694 24 Income (loss) from operations 368 (36,903) 37,271 nm (35,347) (83,194) 47,847 (58) Interest income 2,065 1,808 257 14 6,233 5,200 1,033 20 Interest expense (760) (585) (175) 30 (2,274) (1,566) (708) 45 Other income (expense), net 
 2,094 283 1,811 640 6,272 (2,774) 9,046 (326) Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 3,767 (35,397) 39,164 (111) (25,116) (82,334) 57,218 (69) Provision for income taxes 
 1,850 258 1,592 617 6,138 485 5,653 1166 Net income (loss) 1,917 (35,655) 37,572 (105) (31,254) (82,819) 51,565 (62) 
 __________ 
 nm = not meaningful 
 The following discussion and analysis is for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 39 , or 94.9 million, and 34 , or 232.5 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 35 increase in active customers period over period, continued strength in the retention of existing customers, favorable customer behavior based on foreign currency movement, and a continued mix shift trending towards digital disbursements. Revenue derived from each transaction varies based on a number of attributes, including the funding method chosen by the customer, the size of the transaction, the currency to be ultimately disbursed, the rate at which the currency was disbursed, the disbursement method chosen by the customer, and the country to which the funds are transferred. 
 As a reflection of this growth, send volume increased 42 and 38 to 14.5 billion and 39.2 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 10.2 billion and 28.4 billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Transaction Expenses 
 Transaction expenses increased 29.8 million, or 35 , to 115.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 85.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 21.9 million, or 31 , increase in direct costs associated with processing a higher volume of our customers remittance transactions and the disbursement of our customers funds to their recipients and a 7.7 million increase in our provision for transaction losses. 
 Transaction expenses increased 73.2 million, or 31 , to 313.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 240.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 55.6 million, or 29 , increase in direct costs associated with processing a higher volume of our customers remittance transactions and the disbursement of our customers funds to their recipients and a 16.6 million increase in our provision for transaction losses. 
 As a percentage of revenue, transaction expenses decreased to 34 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 35 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Customer Support and Operations Expenses 
 Customer support and operations expenses increased 0.6 million, or 3 , f or the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 1.3 million increase in third-party personnel costs to support customer operations compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was partially offset by 0.7 million in restructuring costs incurred during the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to severance (refer to Note 13. Restructuring Initiatives in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on the restructuring costs). 
 Customer support and operations expenses decreased 0.7 million, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a 0.5 million decrease in personnel-related costs driven by a decrease in customer support and operations headcount and a 0.4 million decrease in other customer support and operating expenses compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 As a percentage of revenue, customer support and operations expenses decreased to 7 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 9 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to process improvements and automation driving scale across customer support headcount at internal and third-party customer support sites. 
 Marketing Expenses 
 Marketing expenses increased 13.4 million, or 22 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase of 10.8 million in advertising expense and other targeted marketing expense, including online and offline marketing spend and promotion costs to acquire new customers. In addition, personnel-related costs increased by 1.9 million, driven by a 19 increase in marketing headcount compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Marketing expenses increased 60.8 million, or 38 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase of 51.6 million in advertising expense and other targeted marketing expense, including online and offline marketing spend and promotion costs to acquire new customers. In addition, personnel-related costs increased by 7.1 million, driven by a 23 increase in marketing headcount compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses decreased to 22 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 25 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to channel efficiencies and optimized local marketing. 
 As a percentage of revenue, marketing expenses increased to 24 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 23 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and Development Expenses 
 Technology and development expenses increased 11.4 million, or 20 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by 9.7 million in personnel-related expenses, net of personnel-related expenses capitalized as internal-use software, resulting from a 22 increase in headcount compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as part of our continued investment in our technology platform. The increase in technology and development expense was also driven by a 2.0 million increase in software costs for cloud services to support incremental transaction volume. 
 Technology and development expenses increased 38.5 million, or 24 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by 32.0 million in personnel-related expenses, net of personnel-related expenses capitalized as internal-use software, resulting from a 27 increase in headcount compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, as part of our continued investment in our technology platform. The increase in technology and development expense was also driven by a 6.0 million increase in software costs for cloud services to support incremental transaction volume. 
 As a percentage of revenue, technology and development expenses decreased to 20 and 22 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from 24 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as we benefited from increasing efficiencies and scale. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased 1.1 million, or 2 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 4.9 million increase in personnel-related expenses resulting from a 24 increase in headcount compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was partially offset by a 2.0 million decrease in the fair market value of our charitable contributions related to our annual Pledge 1 donation and 1.7 million reduction in professional fees. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 10.3 million, or 8 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a 16.4 million increase in personnel-related expenses resulting from a 23 increase in headcount compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was partially offset by a 2.6 million decrease in taxes, a 2.1 million decrease in acquisition and integration costs, primarily related to the change in the fair value of the holdback liability, and a 2.0 million decrease in the fair market value of our charitable contributions related to our annual Pledge 1 donation. 
 As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 15 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 21 and 19 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, as we continue to leverage scale in our general and administrative functions. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 1.2 million and 2.6 million, or 36 and 27 , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily driven by an increase in amortization of internal-use software. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income increased 0.3 million and 1.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increases are primarily due to an increase in average invested balances throughout the periods. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 0.2 million and 0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to draws on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net is primarily driven by unrealized losses and gains on foreign exchange remeasurements of certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes increased 1.6 million and 5.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to increases in taxable income in certain foreign jurisdictions and decreases in discrete income tax benefits related to excess stock-based compensation deductions. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We regularly review the following non-GAAP measure to evaluate our performance, identify trends affecting our business, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We believe that this non-GAAP measure provides meaningful supplemental information for management and investors in assessing our historical and future operating performance. The calculation of this non-GAAP measure discussed below may differ from other similarly titled metrics used by other companies, analysts, or investors. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure to supplement net income (loss). Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net income (loss) adjusted by (i) interest (income) expense, net; (ii) provision for income taxes; (iii) noncash charges of depreciation and amortization; (iv) gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency assets and liabilities into their functional currency; (v) noncash charges associated with our donation of common stock in connection with our Pledge 1 commitment; (vi) noncash stock-based compensation expense, net; and (vii) certain acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a key output measure used by our management to evaluate our operating performance, inform future operating plans, and make strategic long-term decisions, including those relating to operating expenses and the allocation of internal resources. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and is not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. These limitations include the following: 
 although depreciation and amortization are noncash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditures or other capital commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the effect of income taxes that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the effect of gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency assets and liabilities into their functional currency; 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes noncash charges associated with the donation of our common stock in connection with our Pledge 1 commitment, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes stock-based compensation expense, net, which has recently been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain transaction costs related to acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs. The acquisition and integration costs are primarily related to the Rewire acquisition and primarily include external legal, accounting, valuation, and due diligence costs, advisory and other professional services fees necessary to integrate acquired businesses, and the change in the fair value of the holdback liability as part of the acquisition of Rewire. The restructuring costs are primarily related to severance and other associated costs; and 
 other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently from how we calculate this measure or not at all, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA, the most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP, for each of the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 
 1,917 (35,655) (31,254) (82,819) Add: Interest income, net 
 (1,305) (1,223) (3,959) (3,634) Provision for income taxes 
 1,850 258 6,138 485 Depreciation and amortization 4,655 3,418 12,240 9,634 Foreign exchange (gain) loss 
 (2,274) (376) (6,667) 2,611 Donation of common stock (1) 
 2,587 4,600 2,587 4,600 Stock-based compensation expense, net 39,278 36,573 110,523 101,007 Acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs (2) 
 2,901 1,468 4,390 Adjusted EBITDA 46,708 10,496 91,076 36,274 
 __________ 
 (1) Refer to Note 11. Common Stock within the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further detail on the donation of common stock. 
 (2) Acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of 0.8 million in restructuring charges incurred, 0.5 million of non-recurring legal charges, and 0.2 million related to the change in the fair value of the holdback liability associated with the acquisition of Rewire (O.S.G.) Research and Development Ltd. ("Rewire"). Acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs for the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of 1.4 million in restructuring charges incurred, 0.9 million related to the change in the fair value of the holdback liability, and 0.6 million of expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of Rewire. Acquisition, integration, restructuring, and other costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 consisted primarily of 1.9 million related to the change in the fair value of the holdback liability, 1.4 million in restructuring charges incurred, and 1.1 million of expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of Rewire. Refer to Note 6. Business Combinations and Note 13. Restructuring Initiatives in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information on these costs. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity and Material Future Cash Requirements 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents of 324.4 million and 323.7 million, respectively, as well as funds available under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, which we entered into in September 2021. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility was amended o n December 20, 2023 to increase the revolving commitments from 250.0 million (including a 60.0 million letter of credit sub-facility) to 325.0 million . We have historically financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through cash generated from operations including transaction fees and foreign exchange spreads. In recent periods, we have supplemented those cash flows with borrowings on our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, primarily to support customer transaction volumes during peak periods and weekends, which we expect to continue to do in the future. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the average term of outstanding borrowings under our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility was approximately four days. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we cumulatively borrowed 863.0 million against this credit facility and repaid 993.0 million. Operations continue to be substantially funded by the existing cash we have on hand and ongoing utilization of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility (including the letter of credit sub-facility), which included active borrowings and repayments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we have unused borrowing capacity of 276.3 million. 
 We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and funds available under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our material cash requirements include funds to support current and potential operating activities, capital expenditures, and other commitments, and could include other uses of cash, such as strategic investments. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of expansion into new corridors, and the timing of introductions of new products and enhancements of existing products, and other strategic investments. Furthermore, certain jurisdictions where we operate require us to hold eligible liquid assets, based on regulatory or legal requirements, equal to the aggregate amount of all customer balances that have not yet been disbursed. In addition, as discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we expect that our operating expenses may continue to increase to support the continued growth of our business, including increased investments in our technology to support product improvements, new product development, and geographic expansion. We also routinely enter into marketing and advertising contracts, software subscriptions and other service arrangements, including cloud infrastructure arrangements, which are generally entered into in the ordinary course of business, and that can include minimum purchase quantities, requiring us to utilize cash on hand to fulfill these amounts. Refer to Contractual Obligations and Commitments discussed further below. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 In the future, we may also attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through equity-linked securities, and the ownership of our existing stockholders would be diluted. In addition, if we raise additional financing by incurring additional indebtedness, we may be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could also be subject to additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that are unfavorable to equity investors. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital. The inability to raise capital would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 The following table shows a summary of our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (1) 
 138,850 (25,168) Investing activities (12,480) (47,450) Financing activities (1) 
 (128,899) (3,475) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 3,941 (599) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 1,412 (76,692) 
 _________________ 
 (1) Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. Refer to Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Our main sources of operating cash are transaction fees charged to customers and foreign exchange spreads on transactions. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for advertising expenses used to attract new customers, transaction expenses that include fees paid to payment processors and disbursement partners, personnel-related expenses, technology, and other general corporate expenditures. Our changes in operating cash flows are heavily impacted by the timing of customer transactions and, in particular, the day of the week that the quarter end falls on, including holidays and long weekends. For example, we generally have higher prefunding amounts if the quarter closes on a weekend or in advance of a long weekend, such as a holiday, which creates variability in customer transaction-related balances period over period and can reduce our cash position at a particular point in time. These balances within our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows include disbursement prefunding, customer funds receivable, customer liabilities, and disbursement postfunding liabilities and book overdrafts, both of which are included within the line item Accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 138.9 million, which was primarily driven by timing impacts of current growth in our global network. Specifically, as a result of both growth and timing, we saw an increase in cash flow related to customer funds working capital changes of 63.8 million related to combined customer funds receivable, customer liabilities, disbursement prefunding, and trade settlement liability. In addition to these and other changes in working capital, the cash generated from operations reflects the 31.3 million net loss for the period exclusive of the 125.6 million of noncash charges. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 25.2 million, which was primarily driven by an increase in overall growth in our global network of funding and disbursement partnerships and an increase in volume of customer transactions. Specifically, as a result of both growth and timing, we saw an increase in disbursement prefunding of 52.2 million and customer funds receivable of 68.6 million, offset by an increase in customer liabilities of 29.2 million and accrued expenses and other liabilities, which is inclusive of our trade settlement liability, of 28.1 million, which were the key drivers for the unfavorable changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 62.3 million. This change in our operating assets and liabilities was also partially offset by cash generated from our operations, when excluding the 119.9 million of noncash charges included within the 82.8 million net loss for the period. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of property and equipment, capitalization of internal-use software, and cash paid for acquisitions of businesses, net of acquired cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 12.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 35.0 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 47.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by the acquisition of Rewire in the first quarter of 2023 of 40.9 million, offset by an increase in capitalized internal-use software costs of 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of borrowings on our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with ESPP, offset by repayments of borrowings and other indebtedness. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 128.9 million, an increase of 125.4 million, compared to net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 3.5 million. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in net repayments on our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility of 130.0 million and the settlement of amounts previously held back for the Rewire acquisition of 10.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. offset by the repayment of assumed indebtedness of 17.1 million that occurred in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments consist of standby letters of credit, long-term leases, and other purchase commitments entered into in the normal course of business. In addition, we routinely enter into marketing and advertising contracts, software subscriptions or other service arrangements, including cloud infrastructure arrangements, and compliance-application related arrangements that contractually obligate us to purchase services, including minimum service quantities, unless we give notice of cancellation based on the applicable terms of the agreements. Most contracts are typically cancellable within a period of less than one year, although some of our larger software or cloud service subscriptions require multi-year commitments. Changes in our business needs, contractual cancellation provisions, fluctuating interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of these payments. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other than software, cloud infrastructure (as described below), marketing, compliance-tool related contracts, and leases (as described below) entered into in the normal course of business, there were no other material changes to the contractual obligations and contingencies as disclosed in Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies and Note 20. Leases in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For further discussion of commitments and contingencies, also refer to Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 Purchase Commitments 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we entered into a three-year cloud infrastructure arrangement. For further details on this arrangement, refer to Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Significant Lease Not Yet Commenced 
 In June 2024, we entered into an agreement to lease certain office space in Seattle, Washington, for the use of our corporate headquarters office. For further details on this lease agreement, refer to Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our condensed consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. From time to time, we do enter into short-term leases that have lease terms of less than 12 months, and are typically month-to-month in nature. As described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, we elected not to record leases on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets if the lease term is 12 months or less. For further information on our lease arrangements, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. The Company s estimates are based on historical experience and on various other factors that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 
 There have been no material changes, other than as described in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements to the critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to those described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 33 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the potential for economic losses to be incurred on market risk-sensitive instruments arising from adverse changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity investment risk. Management establishes and oversees the implementation of policies governing our investing, funding, and foreign currency activities in order to mitigate market risks. We monitor risk exposures on an ongoing basis. 
 Credit Risk 
 We have a limited number of pay-in payment processors and therefore we are exposed to credit risk relating to those pay-in payment providers if, in the course of a transaction, we were to disburse funds to the recipient but the pay-in payment provider did not deliver our customer s funds to us (for example, due to their illiquidity). We mitigate this credit risk by engaging with reputable pay-in payment providers and entering into written agreements with pay-in providers allowing for legal recourse. We are also exposed to credit risk relating to many of our disbursement partners when we prefund or remit funds in advance of having collected funds from our customers through our pay-in payment processors, if our disbursement partners fail to disburse funds according to our instructions (for example, due to their insufficient capital). We mitigate these credit exposures by engaging with reputable disbursement partners and performing a credit review before onboarding each disbursement partner and by negotiating for postfunding arrangements where circumstances permit. We also periodically review credit ratings, or, if unavailable, other financial documentation, of both our pay-in payment providers and disbursement partners. We have not experienced significant losses during the periods presented. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Given the nature of our business, we are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk in a number of ways. Our principal exposure to foreign exchange rate risk includes: 
 Exposure to foreign currency exchange risk on our cross-border payments if exchange rates fluctuate between initiation of the transaction and transaction disbursement to the recipient. We disburse transactions in multiple foreign currencies, including most notably the Indian rupee, the Mexican peso, and the Philippine peso. In the vast majority of cases, the recipient disbursement occurs within a day of sending, which mitigates foreign currency exchange risk. To enable disbursement in the receive currency, we prefund many disbursement partners one to two business days in advance based on expected send volume. Foreign exchange rate risk due to differences between the timing of transaction initiation and payment varies based on the day of the week and the bank holiday schedule; for example, disbursement prefunding is typically largest before long weekends. 
 While the majority of our revenue and expenses are denominated in the U.S. dollar, certain of our international operations are conducted in foreign currencies, a significant portion of which occur in Canada and Europe. Changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other currencies may affect revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. In addition, certain of our international subsidiary financial statements are denominated in and operated in currencies outside of the U.S. dollar. As such, the condensed consolidated financial statements will continue to remain subject to the impact of foreign currency translation, as our international business continues to grow. In periods where other currencies weaken against the U.S. dollar, this can negatively impact our consolidated results which are reported in U.S. dollars. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a hypothetical uniform 10 strengthening or weakening in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in which our net loss was generated, would have resulted in a decrease or increase to the fair value of our customer transaction-related assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries functional currencies of approximately 18.0 million and 19.3 million, respectively, based on our unhedged exposure to foreign currency at that date. There are inherent limitations in this sensitivity analysis, primarily due to the following assumptions: (1) foreign exchange rate movements are linear and instantaneous, (2) exposure is static, and (3) customer transaction behavior due to currency rate changes is static. As a result, the analysis is unable to reflect the potential effects of more complex market changes that could arise, which may positively or negatively affect our results from operations. For example, both the disbursement prefunding balance and the customer funds liability balance (and resulting net impact to our net currency position) may be highly variable day to day. In addition, changes in foreign exchange rates may impact customer behavior by altering the timing or volume of transactions sent through our platform. For example, an increase in the value of a send currency against a receive currency may accelerate the timing or amount of remittances. 
 To the extent practicable, we minimize our foreign currency exposures by maintaining natural hedges between our current assets and current liabilities in similarly denominated foreign currencies. At this time, we do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. We may do so in the future, but it is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our operating results. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on their evaluation as of September 30, 2024, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, the Company occasionally becomes involved in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, reputation, financial condition, future results, or the trading price of the Company s stock. These are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and/or operating results. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 In September 2021, we completed our initial public offering (the IPO ), in which we issued and sold 7,000,000 shares of our common stock at 43.00 per share. Concurrently, 5,162,777 shares were sold by certain of our existing stockholders. In addition, we concurrently issued 581,395 shares of common stock in a private placement at the same offering price as the IPO. We received net proceeds of 305.2 million for the IPO and private placement, after deducting underwriting discounts and other fees of 20.8 million. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on September 24, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 , , our , a trading plan intended to satisfy the conditions under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. Mr. Oppenheimer s plan is for the sale of up to shares of our common stock and terminates on the earlier of the date all the shares under the plan are sold and . 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by reference 
 Exhibit Number Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-40822 3.3 November 12, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 
 001-40822 3.1 
 March 20, 2024 
 10.1 
 Offer Letter, dated as of July 26, 2024, by and between the Registrant and Vikas Mehta 
 x 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 x 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). x 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. x 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. x 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. x 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. x 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. x 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). x 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Remitly Global, Inc. Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ Matthew Oppenheimer Matthew Oppenheimer 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ Vikas Mehta 
 Vikas Mehta 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: October 30, 2024 By: /s/ Gail Miller 
 Gail Miller Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 38 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a2024-07x26xofferletterxme.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

Date July 26, 2024 

Dear Vikas 
 This letter agreement is between you and Remitly Global, Inc. (the Company 1 . Under the terms of this agreement, you will work in the role of Chief Financial Officer, reporting to Matt Oppenheimer, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 1. Cash Compensation . In this position, the Company will pay you an annual base salary payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll schedule. Your pay will be periodically reviewed as a part of the Company s regular reviews of compensation. 
 2. Employee Benefits . You will be eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits to the extent that you comply with the eligibility requirements of each such benefit plan. The Company, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend or terminate its employee benefits at any time, with or without notice. In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company s vacation policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 3. Termination Benefits . You will be eligible to receive change in control and severance payments and benefits under the Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Severance Agreement between you and the Company, attached to this offer letter as Exhibit A . 
 4. Confidentiality Agreement . By signing this letter agreement, you reaffirm the terms and conditions of the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions and Arbitration Agreement by and between you and the Company. 
 5. No Conflicting Obligations . You understand and agree that by signing this letter agreement, you represent to the Company that your performance will not breach any other agreement to which you are a party and that you have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the Company, enter into any oral or written agreement in conflict with any of the provisions of this letter or the Company s policies. You are not to bring with you to the Company, or use or disclose to any person associated with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any former employer or other person or entity with respect to which you owe an obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company does not need and will not use such information and we will assist you in any way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary information belonging to third parties. Also, we expect you to abide by any obligations to refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise associated with any former employer and suggest that you refrain from having any contact with such persons until such time as any non-solicitation obligation expires. 

1 Any reference to the Company will be understood to include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company that employs you, including Remitly, Inc. 

6. Outside Activities . While you render services to the Company, you agree that you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity without the written consent of the Company. In addition, while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or entity in competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company. 
 7. Equal Employment Opportunity . The Company is an equal opportunity employer and conducts its employment practices based on business needs and in a manner that treats employees and applicants on the basis of merit and experience. The Company prohibits unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. 
 8. Arbitration . You and the Company agree to submit to mandatory binding arbitration, governed by the Federal Arbitration Act FAA ), any and all claims arising out of or related to your employment with the Company and the termination thereof, including, but not limited to, claims for unpaid wages, wrongful termination, torts, stock or stock options or other ownership interest in the Company, and or discrimination (including harassment) based upon any federal, state or local ordinance, statute, regulation or constitutional provision except that each party may, at its, his or her option, seek injunctive relief in court related to the improper use, disclosure or misappropriation of a party s private, proprietary, confidential or trade secret information (collectively, Arbitrable Claims ). Further, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you and the Company agree that no class or collective actions can be asserted in arbitration or otherwise. All claims, whether in arbitration or otherwise, must be brought solely in your or the Company s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or collective proceeding. Nothing in this Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section, however, restricts your right to pursue claims in court (a) on a representative action basis under applicable law, or (b) arising under the Washington State Law Against Discrimination (RCW 49.60, et seq .) or any federal anti-discrimination law. 
 SUBJECT TO THE ABOVE PROVISO, THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN REGARD TO ARBITRABLE CLAIMS. THE PARTIES FURTHER WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO PURSUE OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY. 
 This agreement to arbitrate does not restrict your right to file administrative claims you may bring before any government agency where, as a matter of law, the parties may not restrict the employee s ability to file such claims (including, but not limited to, the National Labor Relations Board, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Department of Labor). However, the parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, arbitration shall be the exclusive remedy for the subject matter of such administrative claims, except for the resolution of claims of discrimination. The arbitration shall be conducted in Seattle, Washington through JAMS before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the JAMS employment arbitration rules then in effect, provided however, that the FAA, including its procedural provisions for compelling arbitration, shall govern and apply to this arbitration agreement. The JAMS rules may be found and reviewed at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration . If you are unable to access these rules, please let me know and I will provide you with a hardcopy. The arbitrator 

shall issue a written decision that contains the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. If, for any reason, any term of this Arbitration and Class Action Waiver provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, all other valid terms and conditions herein shall be severable in nature, and remain fully enforceable. 
 9. General Obligations . As an employee, you will be expected to adhere to the Company s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty, reliability and respect for all. You will also be expected to comply with the Company s policies and procedures. The Company is an equal opportunity employer. 
 10. At-Will Employment . Your employment with the Company will continue for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will be on an at will basis, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company also reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of your employment at any time for any reason. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and the Company s Board of Directors. 
 11. Withholdings . All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings. 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

This letter agreement supersedes and replaces any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral, written or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in this letter (other than the Severance Agreement). This letter will be governed by the laws of Washington, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 

Very truly yours, REMITLY GLOBAL,INC. 
 s Matthew Oppenheimer 
 By Matthew Oppenheimer Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED 
 
 s Vikas Mehta 
 Vikas Mehta 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rely3q24-exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew Oppenheimer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Remitly Global, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Matthew Oppenheimer Matthew Oppenheimer Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rely3q24-exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Vikas Mehta, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Remitly Global, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Vikas Mehta 
 Vikas Mehta 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 rely3q24-exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Matthew Oppenheimer, Chief Executive Officer of Remitly Global, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Matthew Oppenheimer Matthew Oppenheimer Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 rely3q24-exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Vikas Mehta, Chief Financial Officer of Remitly Global, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s Vikas Mehta 
 Vikas Mehta 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rely-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rely-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rely-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rely-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rely-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

