<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1816708_0001628280-24-047870.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8171408</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>180300</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1489817</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2639455</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2041595</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1677962</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047870.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160100
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047870
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Owlet, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001816708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39516
		FILM NUMBER:		241461499

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 NORTH ASHTON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8443345330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 NORTH ASHTON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sandbridge Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047870.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 owlt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

owlt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission File Number: 
 _____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

_____________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _____________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 1 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 11, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Page PART I. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II. Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 39 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 45 
 
 3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains certain statements that are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "Reform Act"). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Report, including statements concerning possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, events or results of operations, and any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described under the sections in this Report, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 (the "Q2 Form 10-Q") and elsewhere in this Report, our Form 10-K, and our Q2 Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 We have a limited operating history. 
 We have not been profitable to date, and operating losses could continue, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have experienced fluctuations in the growth of our business and anticipate this will continue. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If any governmental authority or notified body were to require marketing authorization or similar certification for any product that we sell for which we have not obtained such marketing authorization or certification, we could be subject to regulatory enforcement action and/or required to cease selling or recall the product pending receipt of marketing authorization or similar certification from such other governmental authority or notified body, which can be a lengthy and time-consuming process, harm financial results and have long-term negative effects on our operations. 
 Our products rely on mobile applications to function and we rely on Apple s App Store and the Google Play Store for distribution of our mobile applications. 
 A substantial portion of our sales comes through a limited number of retailers. 
 We are required to obtain and maintain marketing authorizations or certifications from the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities or notified bodies for medical device products in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions, which can be a lengthy and time-consuming process, and a failure to do so on a timely basis, or at all, could severely harm our business. 
 We currently rely on a single manufacturer for the assembly of our Smart Sock and Dream Sock products and a single manufacturer for the assembly of our Owlet Cam. We will likely rely on single manufacturers for future products we may develop. If we encounter manufacturing problems or delays, we may be unable to promptly transition to alternative manufacturers and our ability to generate revenue will be limited. 
 If we are unable to obtain key materials and components from sole or limited source suppliers, we will not be able to deliver our products to customers. 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to obtain, maintain or successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, the commercial value of our products and services will be adversely affected, our competitive position may be harmed and we may be unable to operate our business profitably. 
 Our business and operations may suffer in the event of IT system failures, cyberattacks or deficiencies in our cybersecurity. 
 We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings that, if adversely decided or settled, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face the risk of product liability claims and the amount of insurance coverage held now or in the future may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we might incur. 
 Operations in international markets will expose us to additional business, political, regulatory, operational, financial and economic risks. 
 Our success depends substantially on our reputation and brand. 
 Some of our products and services are in development or have been recently introduced into the market and may not achieve market acceptance, which could limit our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 1 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, which may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or cause our access to the capital markets to be impaired. 
 Our failure to maintain the NYSE s continued listing requirements could result in a delisting of our common stock. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future in order to execute our strategic plan, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 These risks and other important factors, including those discussed in this Report, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included elsewhere in this Report are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements included elsewhere in this Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and events in the industry in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements included elsewhere in this Report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Report speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Report. For all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Reform Act. 
 
 As used in this Report, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires: we, us, our, Owlet, the Company, and similar references refer to Owlet, Inc. and its subsidiaries, common stock refers to our Class A common stock. 
 
 Basis of Presentation for Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On July 7, 2023, we effected a 1-for-14 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of our issued and outstanding common stock, by the filing of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 7, 2023. Our common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on a split-adjusted basis on July 10, 2023. Where applicable, all information presented in this Report has been retrospectively adjusted to give effect to our 1-for-14 reverse split of our outstanding common stock and, unless otherwise indicated, all such amounts and corresponding conversion price and/or exercise price data set forth in this Report has been adjusted to give effect to such reverse stock split. 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use assets, net Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other expenses Current portion of deferred revenues Line of credit Current portion of long-term and other debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Common stock warrant liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 
 par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Series B convertible preferred stock, par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Redeemable common stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Total mezzanine equity 
 Stockholders deficit: Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities, mezzanine equity, and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: General and administrative Sales and marketing Research and development Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (Notes 4 and 5) ) ) ) ) Common stock warrant liability adjustment ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) ) Income tax provision ) ) Net loss and comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock ) ) ) ) Accretion on redeemable common stock ) ) Allocation of net loss attributable to redeemable common stockholders Net loss attributable to redeemable common stockholders ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to redeemable common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average number of shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share attributable to redeemable common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Deficit 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Preferred stock issuance costs ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock 
 ) ) Issuance of SVB Warrants 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting 
 Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Deficit (continued) 
 (in thousands, except shares) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Redeemable Common Stock 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Preferred stock issuance costs ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock ) ) Conversion of preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Net income Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock ) ) Conversion of preferred stock ) ) Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Accretion on convertible preferred stock ) ) Accretion on redeemable common stock ) ) Conversion of preferred stock (Note 7) ) ) Issuance of common stock related to offering (Note 7) Common stock issuance costs ) ) Issuance of warrants to underwriter (Note 7) RSU to RSA conversion (Note 6) Issuance of common stock for restricted stock units vesting Issuance of redeemable common stock (Note 7) Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Exercise of options Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Provision for credit losses ) ) Common stock warrant liability adjustment ) ) Impairment of intangible and other assets 
 Amortization of right of use assets Other adjustments, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets Inventory ) Accounts payable and accrued and other expenses ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Other, net ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) ) Capitalized internal-use software development costs 
 ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants, net of and of paid transaction costs, respectively 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of of paid transaction costs 
 Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments of short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings and issuance of redeemable common stock (Note 4) 
 Payments of long-term borrowings ) ) Payments related to debt extinguishment costs 
 ) Employee taxes paid related to the net share settlement of stock-based awards 
 ) ) Proceeds related to the issuance of common stock under stock plans 
 Other, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Conversion of preferred stock Accretion on preferred stock and redeemable common stock Issuance of common stock warrants to underwriter Equity issuance costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Debt issuance costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Reclassification from long-term to current debt Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Stock-based compensation for software development Right of use assets obtained 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Owlet, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 9 

Note 1. 

Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On July 7, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter Amendment to effect a one-for-14 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s common stock and a reduction in the number of authorized shares of common stock and authorized but unissued shares of the Company s preferred stock. The number of authorized shares of common stock was reduced from shares to shares, which reflects a reduction to times the then current number of authorized shares of common stock, divided by the Reverse Stock Split ratio. The Reverse Stock Split also reduced the number of authorized shares of preferred stock from shares to shares, which reflects a reduction to times the then current number of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, divided by the Reverse Stock Split ratio. The Reverse Stock Split became effective on July 7, 2023. 
 
 There was no net effect on total stockholders' equity, and the par value per share of the Company's common stock remains unchanged at per share after the Reverse Stock Split. All references made to share or per share amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to reflect the applicable effects of the Reverse Stock Split and the reduction in the number of authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock effected by the Charter Amendment. 
 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 In accordance with ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company has evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 Since inception, the Company has experienced recurring operating losses and generated negative cash flows from operations, resulting in an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had negative cash flows from operations of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of cash on hand. 
 
 As the Company continues to address these financial conditions, management has undertaken the following actions: 
 
 As described further in Note 7, Common Stock Issuance, Redeemable Common Stock, Common Stock Warrants, and Convertible Preferred Stock , in September 2024, the Company issued shares of its common stock and received net proceeds of and in February 2024, the Company consummated a sale of preferred stock and warrants to purchase its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of . 
 
 As described in Note 4, Debt and Other Financing Arrangements , in September 2024, the Company entered into a loan facility agreement with WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (collectively WTI or Lenders for a term loan facility of up to (the WTI Loan Facility and on September 11, 2024, the Company entered into an asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Line of Credit with ABL OPCO LLC, as the lender, with a maximum revolving commitment amount of up to , with an additional revolving commitment available on September 11, 2025. In connection with these transactions, the Company used its then-existing cash to repay and extinguish all borrowings outstanding under the line of credit and term loan agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, now a division of First Citizens Bank and Trust Company 
 10 

under the WTI Loan Facility and under the ABL Line of Credit. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above actions, the Company has experienced recurring operating losses, negative cash flows from operations since inception, and a low cash balance relative to current obligations raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and accordingly, do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company has not generated sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy its capital requirements. There can be no assurance that the Company will generate sufficient future cash flows from operations due to potential factors, including but not limited to inflation, recession, or reduced demand for the Company s products. If revenues decrease from current levels, the Company may be unable to further reduce costs, or such reductions may limit its ability to pursue strategic initiatives and grow revenues in the future. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to it, if at all. Failure to secure additional funding may require the Company to modify, delay or abandon some of its planned future development, or to otherwise enact further operating cost reductions, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition and ability to achieve its intended business objectives. 
 
 If the Company raises additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, its existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities the Company issues could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of its common stock. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to the Company when it requires it, its ability to continue to pursue its business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or others that may require the Company to relinquish rights or jointly own some aspects of its technologies, products, or services that the Company would otherwise pursue on its own. 
 
 The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which, at times, exceed federally insured limits. As of September 30, 2024, substantially all of the Company s cash was held with Silicon Valley Bank and Citibank, and exceeded federally insured limits. 
 
 Although the Company s sales and accounts receivable are derived from sales contracts with a large number of customers, its top several customers account for a significant amount of its total sales, and make up a correspondingly large portion of its accounts receivable. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company's three largest customers by total net revenue accounted for and of total net revenue, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company's three largest customers by total net revenue accounted for and of total net revenue, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's three largest customers by total net accounts receivable accounted for of total net accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, the Company's three largest customers by total net accounts receivable accounted for of total net accounts receivable. 
 
 11 

Note 2. 

Restricted cash Restricted cash included in Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Allowance for Credit and Other Losses 
 
 The Company records its accounts receivable at sales value and maintains an allowance for its current estimate of expected credit losses from customers. Provisions for expected credit losses are estimated based on historical experience, assessment of specific risk, review of outstanding invoices, and forecasts about the future. The Company establishes specific reserves for customers in an adverse financial condition and adjusts for its expectations of changes in conditions that may impact the collectability of outstanding receivables. 
 
 Charges to expense ) ) ) Charges to revenue ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Write-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to a settlement agreement with a former retailer for past due receivables which had previously been charged to the provision for credit losses in a prior period. A benefit was recognized to charges to expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which represented a partial recovery of the past due receivables in connection with the settlement. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Finished goods Total Inventory 
 
 12 

Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Software Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company allocated and , respectively, of depreciation and amortization expense related to tooling and manufacturing equipment within cost of revenues on the condensed consolidated statements of operations . The remaining depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was recorded within general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company allocated and , respectively, of depreciation and amortization expense related to tooling and manufacturing equipment within cost of revenues on the condensed consolidated statements of operations . The remaining depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was recorded within general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Intangible Assets Subject to Amortization 
 
 Intangible assets were , net of accumulated amortization of as of September 30, 2024, and , net of accumulated amortization of , as of December 31, 2023. Intangible assets as of September 30, 2024 consist of trademarks, patents, and internally developed software. 
 
 The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred in developing internal-use software when capitalization requirements have been met. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is completed and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Any subsequent addition, modification, or upgrade to internal-use software is capitalized to the extent that it enhances the software s functionality or extends its useful life. Costs related to design or maintenance are expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are included in intangible assets, net, and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of three years. 
 
 The Company recorded of amortization expense related to internal-use software in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was recorded within cost of revenues on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. amortization expense related to internal-use software was recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In 2021, the Company began work on a software development project and during 2021 and 2022 total costs of were capitalized within intangible assets on the balance sheet. Due to financial constraints the Company was experiencing in 2022, work on the project was paused and each subsequent period the Company reconsidered the probability that the project would be resumed when the Company s financial condition allowed and whether any technological developments had changed the prospects for the project's eventual success and recovery of the carrying amount of the asset. Because the software was still in development and not ready for general release the Company did recognize any amortization for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 and did recognize any impairment charges related to intangible assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. However, in September of 2024, the Company made the decision to extend the pause of this particular software development project indefinitely, indicating that the carrying amount of the asset was unlikely to be recoverable. The Company recognized of impairment charges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, to fully impair that particular internally developed software project, which was recorded within general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 13 

Accrued sales discounts Accrued sales returns Other Total accrued and other expenses 
 
 Settlements of warranty claims during the period ) ) ) ) Provision for warranties issued during the period Changes in provision for pre-existing warranties ) ) ) ) Accrued warranty, end of period 
 14 

Note 3. 
 
 to months . 
 
 Deferral of revenues Recognition of deferred revenues ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company recognized and of revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the respective period. 
 
 The Company recognized and of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the respective period. Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes relating to the correction of immaterial misstatements from previous periods. 
 15 

Note 4. 
 
 Term loan facility payable to WTI, net Line of credit Financed insurance premium Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt, net 
 
 SVB Revolver and Term Loan 
 
 On November 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the LSA with SVB. The LSA provided for a revolving line of credit (the SVB Revolver and for a term loan, which amortized with equal monthly installments of that would have matured on October 1, 2024. 
 
 On September 11, 2024, the Company signed the refinancing of the LSA with SVB and used existing cash to repay and extinguish all borrowings outstanding under the line of credit and term loan agreements with SVB. In addition to normal principal and interest, the Company paid of termination fees to extinguish the loan. Of the total termination fees recorded, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was recorded as interest expense, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations; and was recorded within general and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The remaining was accrued as interest expense, net, in prior periods. 
 
 WTI Loan Facility 
 
 On September 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Loan Facility Agreement (the Loan Facility Agreement with WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (collectively WTI for a term loan facility of up to (the WTI Loan Facility ). 
 
 The WTI Loan Facility consists of two tranches. The first tranche of was available at closing and through September 30, 2024, with of the first tranche availability extendable until December 31, 2024 (the First Tranche Commitment ). The second tranche of is available through August 15, 2025 (the Second Tranche Commitment, or together with the First Tranche Commitment, the Loan Commitments upon achievement of (a) at least in revenue for the period commencing October 1, 2024 and ending June 30, 2025 (the Second Tranche Condition Period ), (b) total cash burn during the Second Tranche Condition Period not to exceed for such period, (c) receipt by the Company of at least of net proceeds from an equity financing during a period commencing on the closing date and ending on the second tranche borrowing date, and (d) receipt by WTI of the Company s then-current, board-approved operating and financing plan to WTI's satisfaction, as well as compliance with certain reporting conditions. 
 
 The Company initiated its first drawdown under the WTI Loan Facility of (the Initial Loan shortly after closing. The remaining of the First Tranche Commitment is available until December 31, 2024. Once repaid, the Company cannot reborrow from the WTI Loan Facility. 
 
 Interest on the outstanding principal amounts of any borrowing under the WTI Loan Facility accrues at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the prime rate plus , with a floor of . The interest rate on the outstanding principal amounts of any borrowing under the WTI Loan Facility for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was . Commencing on November 1, 2025 through maturity on January 1, 2028, the Company is required to make monthly interest and principal payments. Loans under the WTI Loan Facility also accrue in payment-in-kind interest PIK Interest compounded monthly, and PIK Interest payments will be due and payable upon maturity of the loans. Accrued coupon interest and accrued PIK interest are recorded within accrued and other expenses and within long-term debt, net respectively on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Accrued PIK interest was immaterial for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company has the option to prepay the outstanding loans issued under the WTI Loan Facility in whole at any time by repaying all outstanding principal and accrued interest, as well as all scheduled unpaid interest on the loan, including PIK Interest, as if the loan continued to accrue interest through its stated maturity. Provided if the Company s fully diluted market capitalization of the Company s Class A common stock common stock is greater than or equal to for consecutive Trading Days, then so 
 16 

days thereafter, the redemption price will be discounted by of the total amount of all scheduled but unpaid interest (but excluding any PIK Interest, which will not be discounted). 
 
 The WTI Loan Facility contains certain reporting and operational covenants that must be met by the Company to borrow funds under the Loan Commitments and not cause an event of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, WTI could elect to force redemption of the outstanding balances under the WTI Loan Facility, requiring the Company to pay all outstanding principal and accrued interest, as well as all scheduled unpaid interest on the loan, including PIK interest. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Company will also be required to pay default interest on any overdue balances at a rate of . The WTI Loan Facility and any loans and obligations issued thereunder are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets and are guaranteed by Owlet, Inc. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the WTI Loan Facility. 
 
 As partial consideration for the availability and funding of the WTI Loan Facility, the Company and WTI Fund X, LLC Fund X and WTI Fund XI, LLC Fund XI , and together with Fund X, the WTI Funds entered into a Stock Issuance Agreement (the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement ), dated as of the Effective Date. Pursuant to the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement, the Company issued to the WTI Funds an aggregate of shares of redeemable common stock on the Effective Date, of which are subject to forfeiture in the event that the Company does not draw on any portion of the remaining outstanding Loan Commitment. To the extent the Company does exercise its option under the Loan Commitments to issue additional debt, a number of forfeitable shares will 'vest' and no longer be subject to forfeiture based on the pro rata portion of the outstanding Loan Commitments drawn against. 
 
 The shares issued to WTI pursuant to the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement contain an embedded redemption option (the Redemption Option such that WTI may elect to force the Company to redeem the shares that are no longer subject to forfeiture for a price of per share. The Redemption Option may be exercised in whole or in part, at any time, from time to time, during the period commencing on the first trading day following the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date and continuing through the date which is years after the Effective Date, subject to certain acceleration provisions set forth in the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement. Because the shares are redeemable at the option of the WTI Funds, the shares are recorded in mezzanine equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The redeemable common shares were initially recorded at their fair value of per share, which was an aggregate value of . The value of the redeemable common shares was determined using a combination of the value of the Company's stock on the date of issuance and the theoretic value of a stand-alone put option valued using a Black-Scholes put option model discounted by a present value factor that considers the credit spread between an estimated Company specific discount rate and the risk-free rate of return. Because the shares are required to be redeemed at the option of WTI, based solely on the passage of time, and provided WTI did not elect to otherwise sell or transfer the shares beforehand, the carrying value of the shares will accrete to their redemption value of per share from the issuance date through September 11, 2029, the date the Redemption Option first becomes exercisable. 
 
 The Company allocated the lender fees (including the fair value of the vested shares) and third-party debt issuance costs between the Initial Loan and the remaining, undrawn Loan Commitments. The costs allocated to the Initial Loan are accounted for as a discount and will be amortized across the term of the Initial Loan using the effective interest method. The costs allocated to the remaining, undrawn Loan Commitments are accounted for as loan commitment assets, which are being amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method over the commitment periods, due to uncertainty about the Company's intent to access the Loan Commitment. The unamortized portion of the loan commitment assets of as of September 30, 2024 are recorded within Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) Net carrying value 

The Company recognized of interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs of the WTI Loan Facility and of interest expense related to the amortization of the loan commitment assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 ABL Line of Credit 
 
 On September 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with the financial institutions party thereto from time to time as lenders (collectively the Lenders and ABL OPCO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders. 
 17 

, which amount shall increase to on September 11, 2025 (the Revolving Commitment ). The ABL Line of Credit is collateralized by substantially all of the Company's assets. Loans and other obligations under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the 1-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (subject to a floor of plus a margin, which varies between and depending on the Company s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA provided that the interest rate shall not exceed the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. 
 
 The ABL Line of Credit matures on September 10, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). If for any reason the Credit Agreement is terminated or all outstanding loans and other obligations are paid in full and the ABL Line of Credit is terminated before the Maturity Date, the Company will be obligated to pay a prepayment fee equal to a percentage of the then-current Revolving Commitment, which percentage decreases on certain anniversary of the closing date. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default customary for agreements of this type. The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are: (i) fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Owlet, Inc.; and (ii) secured by a security interest in substantially all personal property assets of the Company, including the Owlet Inc.'s pledge of the outstanding capital stock of the Company. Among these financial covenants is a covenant requiring minimum amounts of trailing-twelve-months EBITDA. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Debt issuance costs related to the Credit Agreement of were recorded as a loan commitment asset within other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Issuance costs are amortized straight-line over the term of the Credit Agreement and recorded within interest income (expense), net on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, there was of outstanding borrowings, which is recorded as a current liability on the condensed consolidated balance sheet based on the Company's intent and ability to repay the outstanding borrowings in the near term. The borrowing base availability under the Credit Agreement was as of September 30, 2024. The outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2024 were repaid to the lender in October 2024. 
 
 Financed Insurance Premiums 
 
 In July 2024, the Company renewed its corporate directors officers and employment liability policies and entered into several new short-term commercial premium finance agreements with First Insurance Funding totaling to be paid within one year, accruing interest at a weighted average rate of . As of September 30, 2024, the remaining principal balance on the combined financed insurance premiums was . 
 
 Future Aggregate Maturities 
 
 2025 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 5. 
 
 of interest over months with respect to past due payables. The present value of the future payments was expensed and included within interest expense, net. In January 2024, the agreement was amended and the schedule of interest payments was modified from months to months, but the amount of interest payable was unchanged. In September 2024, the agreement was amended again, allowing the Company to terminate the agreement with a final interest payment of , which was then fully settled in September 2024. The reduction in the total cumulative payments to resulted in the Company recording a reduction of interest expense at termination of . 
 
 Litigation 
 
 18 

putative class action complaints were filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, the first captioned Butala v. Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:21-cv-09016, and the second captioned Cherian v. Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:21-cv-09293. Both complaints alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act against the Company and certain of its officers and directors on behalf of a putative class of investors who: (a) purchased the Company s common stock between March 31, 2021 and October 4, 2021 Section 10(b) Claims or (b) held common stock in Sandbridge Acquisition Corporation SBG as of June 1, 2021, and were eligible to vote at SBG's special meeting held on July 14, 2021 Section 14(a) Claims ). Both complaints allege, among other things, that the Company and certain of its officers and directors made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose certain information regarding the FDA s likely classification of the Owlet Smart Sock as a medical device requiring marketing authorization. 
 
 On September 8, 2023, the Court ruled that while the Butala and Cherian cases were consolidated, there would be two distinct and separate classes to represent the Section 10(b) Claims and Section 14(a) Claims, respectively, and appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel for each class. Amended complaints were filed for each class on November 21, 2023, and then further amended in consolidated filings on December 22, 2023. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims and filed motions to dismiss the complaints on February 9, 2024 on behalf of itself and the named officers and directors. The plaintiffs filed oppositions to the motions to dismiss on March 24, 2024, and the Company filed replies in support of the motions to dismiss on May 10, 2024. On August 5, 2024, the Court denied Owlet s and its officers motions to dismiss the Section 10(b) Claims and the Section 14(a) Claims. On September 24, 2024, the Court entered a scheduling order in the case, setting trial to begin on February 17, 2026. On September 26, 2024, the Court granted Owlet s and its officers motion for reconsideration regarding the Section 10(b) Claims and dismissed all claims arising out of statements made prior to the merger. 
 
 Further, on August 26, 2024 and October 3, 2024, investors filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, derivatively on behalf of the Company, complaints asserting claims for violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as state law claims, including breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets. One complaint (captioned Janet Vargas, Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:24-cv-07258-FLA-PVC) asserts claims against of the Company s current or former directors and officers and current or former directors and officers of Sandbridge Acquisition Corporation. The other (captioned Nathan Capleton, Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:24-cv-08536-JAK-MAA) asserts claims against of the Company s current or former directors. Both complaints leverage the allegations made in one of the securities class action complaints. Neither complaint specifies the damages claimed in the action. 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company may indemnify, hold harmless, and defend an indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. Some of the provisions will limit losses to those arising from third party actions. In some cases, the indemnification will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers that may require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware corporate law. The Company currently has directors and officers insurance coverage that reduces its exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is immaterial. 
 19 

Note 6. 
 
 . RSAs generally vest over less than . 
 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 
 Sales and marketing Research and development Total stock-based compensation 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company capitalized and , respectively, of stock-based compensation attributable to internally developed software. There was stock-based compensation capitalized during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company modified certain RSU awards for employees and exchanged the RSUs previously granted for RSAs that vest within of the date of modification. The RSAs are valued at the market value on the date of grant. As a result of the modification, the Company recognized of incremental stock-based compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of incremental unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to unvested RSAs that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had of unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to non-vested options that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years; of unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to unvested RSUs that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years; and of unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to unvested PSUs that will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 20 

Note 7. 
 
 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The net proceeds received by the Company at the closing of the offering on September 13, 2024 were . The shares were issued pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281556), filed by the Company with the SEC on August 14, 2024, which was declared effective on August 23, 2024. The Company provided the underwriter a discount of off the offering price. 
 
 In addition to the underwriter discount, the offering expenses with third parties were , of which in issuance costs that were unpaid as of September 30, 2024. The Company also reimbursed the underwriters for in fees and expenses, including legal expenses, out-of-pocket expenses, and clearing expenses. The issuance costs associated with the September 2024 Offering were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, the Company also issued, as a portion of the underwriting compensation payable to the underwriter, a warrant to purchase up to shares of common stock (which was subsequently transferred to certain affiliates of the underwriter, the Titan Warrants ). The Titan Warrants are accounted as a nonemployee stock-based award as it represents compensation for underwriter services. The compensation cost associated with the Titan Warrants was , and was recorded as a direct and incremental issuance cost of the associated common stock offering that was earned upon the closing and issuance of the common stock. The Titan Warrants are classified as equity and included within additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The Titan Warrants are initially exercisable on March 13, 2025 at an exercise price of and have a term of from such initial exercise date. of the Titan Warrants have been exercised as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Redeemable Common Stock 
 
 As discussed in Note 4, in September 2024 as partial consideration for the availability and funding of the WTI Loan Facility, the Company issued to the WTI Funds an aggregate of shares of common stock. The Company also granted the WTI Funds the Put Option discussed in Note 4. The vested shares are recorded in mezzanine equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and are being accreted to the redemption value at the date the redemption feature first becomes exercisable. 
 
 August 2024 Exchange 
 
 On August 20, 2024, holders of the Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock of the Company elected to convert an aggregate of shares of Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, all as in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation relating to the Series A Preferred Stock. As of September 30, 2024, the redemption value for Series A convertible preferred stock is . 
 
 The converting holders of Series A Preferred Stock communicated to the Company that the election to convert a portion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock was due to the continued positive progress of the Company s business and operating results, an initial step in simplifying the Company s capital structure, and part of a coordinated effort by the Company to help ensure it regained compliance with the global market capitalization requirement under the NYSE Listed Company Manual. 
 
 February 2024 Offering 
 
 On February 25, 2024, the Company entered into a private placement investment agreement with certain investors, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the investors (i) an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock, par value per share and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share (the Series B Warrants ), for an aggregate gross purchase price of . 
 
 The Series B convertible preferred stock is convertible into common stock at the option of the holder at any time after February 29, 2024 and ranks, with respect to dividend rights, rights of redemption and rights upon a liquidation event, (i) equal to the Company s Series A convertible preferred stock, (ii) senior to the common stock and all other classes or series of equity securities of the Company established after February 29, 2024, unless such shares or equity securities expressly provide that they rank in parity with or senior to the Series B convertible preferred stock with respect to dividend rights, rights of redemption or rights upon a liquidation event, (iii) on parity with each class or series of equity securities of the Company established after the February 29, 2024, the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks on parity with the Series B convertible preferred stock with respect to dividend rights, rights of redemption and rights upon a liquidation event and (iv) junior to each class or series of equity securities of the Company established after February 29, 2024, the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks senior to the Series B convertible preferred stock with respect to dividend rights, rights of redemption and rights upon a liquidation event. Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of designation relating to the Series B convertible preferred stock or as required by law, holders of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock are entitled to vote with the holders of shares of common stock (and any other class or series that may similarly be 
 21 

per share, (ii) subject to certain exceptions and limitations, redeemed for an amount per share of Series B preferred stock equal to the liquidation preference of dollars per share, plus all accrued or declared but unpaid dividends as of the redemption date and time or (iii) a combination of the foregoing. 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions, upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the Company will be required to pay an amount per share of Series B convertible preferred stock equal to the greater of (i) dollars per share or (ii) the consideration per share of Series B convertible preferred stock as would have been payable had all such shares been converted to common stock immediately prior to the liquidation event, plus, in each case, the aggregate amount of all declared but unpaid dividends thereon to the date of final distribution to the holders of Series B convertible preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, the redemption value for Series B convertible preferred stock is . 
 
 Each of the Series B Warrants sold in the private placement offering is exercisable for share of common stock at an exercise price of per share, is immediately exercisable, and will expire on March 1, 2029. As the Series B Warrants could require cash settlement in certain scenarios, the warrants were classified as liabilities upon issuance and were initially recorded at an aggregate estimated fair value of . The total proceeds from the offering were first allocated to the liability classified warrants, based on their fair values, with the residual allocated to the Series B convertible preferred stock. The Series B convertible stock will accrete to its redemption value, starting from the issuance date to the date at which the shares become redeemable on March 1, 2029. Accretion will be recorded as a deemed dividend. of the Series B Warrants have been exercised as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company incurred of issuance costs related to the offering. Issuance costs allocated to the preferred stock of were recorded as a reduction to the Series B convertible preferred stock. Issuance costs allocated to the liability classified warrants of were recorded as an expense within general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 SBG Common Stock Warrants 
 
 As a result of the merger completed with SBG on July 15, 2021 (the Merger ), the Company continues to record liabilities for warrants issued by SBG prior to the Merger. 
 
 Pursuant to the SBG initial public offering, SBG sold warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share SBG Public Warrants ). Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 17, 2020, the Company completed the sale of warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share in a private placement to Sandbridge Acquisition Holdings LLC (the SBG Private Placement Warrants ). Together, the SBG Public Warrants and SBG Private Placement Warrants are referred to as the SBG Common Stock Warrants. The SBG Public Warrants became exercisable months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The SBG Common Stock Warrants will expire after the completion of the Merger or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 of the SBG Common Stock Warrants have been exercised as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 See Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements - Merger in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 SVB Warrants 
 
 In March 2023, in connection with the first amendment to the LSA with SVB, the Company granted SVB a warrant to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a price of per share, expiring on March 27, 2035 (the SVB Warrants ). The SVB Warrants, which were valued at , are classified as equity and included within additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. of the SVB Warrants have been exercised as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 22 

SBG Private Placement Warrants Series A Warrants Series B Warrants SVB Warrant Titan Warrants Total 
 
 23 

Note 8. 
 
 Total assets Liabilities: SBG Public Warrants SBG Private Placement Warrants Series A Warrants Series B Warrants Total liabilities December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance Assets: Money market funds Total assets Liabilities: SBG Public Warrants SBG Private Placement Warrants Series A Warrants Total liabilities 
 
 Money market funds are included within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. 
 
 The SBG Public Warrants and SBG Private Placement Warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are presented in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. On June 15, 2023, the Company received notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE that the NYSE had halted trading in the SBG Public Warrants due to the low trading price of those warrants. On June 16, 2023, the NYSE provided written notice to the Company and publicly announced that NYSE Regulation had determined to commence proceedings to delist the SBG Public Warrants and that such warrants were no longer suitable for listing based on abnormally low price levels, pursuant to Section 802.01D of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. As such, these instruments are no longer valued using quoted market prices and correspondingly, the SBG Private Placement Warrants can no longer be valued based on a quoted market price of the SBG Public Warrants. 
 
 Exercise price of warrants Term in years Risk-free interest rate Volatility 
 
 The Series A Warrants are presented as Level 3 measurements, relying on unobservable inputs reflecting the Company s own assumptions. Level 3 measurements, which are not based on quoted prices in active markets, introduce a higher degree of subjectivity and may be more sensitive to fluctuations in stock price, volatility rates, and U.S. Treasury Bond rates. 
 24 

Exercise price of warrants Term in years Risk-free interest rate Volatility 
 
 The Series B Warrants are presented as Level 3 measurements, relying on unobservable inputs reflecting the Company s own assumptions. The Company measured the fair value of the Series B Warrants at issuance and again as of September 30, 2024, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 
 
 Series B Warrants - Black-Scholes Inputs September 30, 2024 
 February 29, 2024 OWLT stock price Exercise price of warrants Term in years Risk-free interest rate Volatility 
 
 Issuance of Series B Warrants Change in fair value included within common stock warrant liability adjustment ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in the periods reported. The SBG Public Warrants and SBG Private Placement Warrants were transferred into Level 3 in 2023, as discussed above. 
 
 Equity-Classified Warrants 
 
 . The Company measured the fair value of the Titan Warrants at issuance on September 11, 2024, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 
 
 Titan Warrants - Black-Scholes Inputs 
 September 11, 2024 OWLT stock price Exercise price of warrants Term in years Risk-free interest rate Volatility 
 
 Mezzanine-Classified Redeemable Common Stock 
 
 As described in Note 4, the vested shares issued to WTI are contingently redeemable at the option of the holder during the put period and are recorded in mezzanine equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The vested redeemable common shares were recorded at their fair value of per share, which was an aggregate value of . The value of the redeemable common shares was determined using a combination of the value of the Company's stock on the date of issuance and the theoretic value of a stand- 
 25 

Put price Term in years Risk-free interest rate Volatility Credit spread Present value discount 
 
 26 

Note 9. ) ) Add: accretion on redeemable common stock ) Allocated net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted-average common shares used in computed net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 2023 Redeemable Common Stock Common Stock Common Stock Numerator: Allocation of net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Add: accretion on redeemable common stock ) Allocated net loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted-average common shares used in computed net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 
 
 27 

RSUs RSAs PSUs ESPP shares committed Common stock warrants Preferred stock Total 
 
 The Company s unvested earnout shares, described in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements - Convertible Preferred Stock, Warrants, and Earnout Shares in the 2023 Form 10-K, were excluded from the calculation of basic and diluted per share calculations as the vesting conditions have not yet been met as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 28 

Note 10. 
 
 operating segment, which is the same as its reporting segment. 
 
 United Kingdom Other Total revenues 
 
 Other than the United States and the United Kingdom, no individual country exceeded 10 of total revenues for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 International Total long-lived assets, net 
 29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report and in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K. Certain statements we make under this Item 2 constitute forward-looking statements under the Reform Act. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements before Part I of this Report. You should consider our forward-looking statements in light of the risks discussed in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Report, the Risk Factors section of our Form 10 K and this Report, and our other filings with the SEC. Note that amounts within Item 2 are presented in millions and may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our mission is to empower parents with the right information at the right time, to give them more peace of mind and help them find more joy in the journey of parenting. Our digital parenting platform aims to give parents real-time data and insights to help parents feel calmer and more confident. We believe that every parent deserves peace of mind and the opportunity to feel their well-rested best. We also believe that every child deserves to live a long, happy, and healthy life, and we are working to develop products to help facilitate that belief. 

Components of Operating Results 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We recognize revenue primarily from products and the associated mobile applications. Revenues are recognized when control of goods and services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received by us in exchange for those goods and services. Substantially all of our revenues were derived from product sales. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Cost of revenues consists of product costs, including contract manufacturing, shipping and handling, depreciation and amortization relating to tooling and manufacturing equipment and software, warranty replacement, fulfillment costs, warehousing, hosting, and reserves for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, and bonuses for finance and accounting, legal, human resources and administrative executives and employees, third-party legal, accounting, customer service, software, and other professional services, corporate travel and entertainment, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, asset impairment charges, and facilities rent. 
 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, commissions, benefits, stock-based compensation, and bonuses for sales and marketing employees and contractors, third-party marketing expenses such as social media and search engine marketing, retail marketing, email marketing, and print marketing. 
 
 Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, and bonuses for employees and contractors engaged in the design, development, maintenance and testing of our products and platforms, including clinical testing. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net. Interest income (expense), net consists of interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings, debt extinguishment costs, gain on interest for forgiveness of interest accrued related to an arrangement with a significant vendor, and amortization of the associated deferred financing costs. Interest income consists of interest earned on our money market account. 
 
 Common Stock Warrant Liability Adjustment. Mark to market adjustment to recognize the change in fair value of common stock warrant liabilities. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net. Other income (expense), net includes our net gain (loss) on foreign exchange transactions. 
 
 Income Tax Provision. Income tax provision consists primarily of U.S. federal and state income taxes related to the tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 
 30 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods, indicated in millions: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 22.1 9.2 57.6 33.0 Cost of revenues 10.6 5.9 29.2 20.3 Gross profit 11.5 3.3 28.3 12.7 Operating expenses: General and administrative 9.8 5.4 22.1 20.4 Sales and marketing 4.0 3.3 11.8 9.8 Research and development 2.6 2.4 7.3 8.1 Total operating expenses 16.4 11.2 41.2 38.3 Operating loss (4.8) (7.9) (12.8) (25.6) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (0.1) (0.1) (0.3) (3.0) Common stock warrant liability adjustment (0.7) 2.4 9.5 2.7 Other income (expense), net 0.1 (0.1) Total other income (expense), net (0.8) 2.2 9.4 (0.4) Loss before income tax provision (5.6) (5.6) (3.5) (26.0) Income tax provision 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 Net loss and comprehensive loss (5.6) (5.6) (3.5) (26.0) 

Revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 22.1 9.2 12.9 140.9 57.6 33.0 24.6 74.4 
 
 Revenues increased by 12.9 million, or 140.9 , from 9.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 22.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher sales of Dream Sock products, reflecting an increase in consumer demand across all sales channels as compared to the same period in the prior year. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we signed a new distribution agreement with a large retailer that offered more favorable terms. As a result, certain sales were delayed until the three months ended December 31, 2023, which reduced revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Revenues increased by 24.6 million, or 74.4 , from 33.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 57.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher sales of Dream Sock products, reflecting an increase in consumer demand across all sales channels as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenues 10.6 5.9 4.7 80.7 29.2 20.3 8.9 44.0 Gross profit 11.5 3.3 8.2 246.8 28.3 12.7 15.6 122.9 Gross margin 52.2 36.3 49.2 38.5 
 
 31 

Cost of revenues increased by 4.7 million, or 80.7 , from 5.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 10.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to the increase in product sales. Gross margin increased from 36.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 52.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher revenue and lower direct product and fulfillment costs. 
 
 Cost of revenues increased by 8.9 million, or 44.0 , from 20.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 29.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to the increase in product sales. Gross margin increased from 38.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 49.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to higher revenue and lower direct product and fulfillment costs. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative 9.8 5.4 4.3 79.6 22.1 20.4 1.7 8.3 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 4.3 million, or 79.6 , from 5.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 9.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by impairment charges related to intangible assets and higher compensation expense, including accrued bonuses, severance-related expenses, and stock-based compensation as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 1.7 million, or 8.3 , from 20.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 22.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by impairment charges related to intangible assets and higher compensation expense, including accrued bonuses, severance-related expenses, and stock-based compensation, partially offset by lower consulting and outside services spend related to transaction costs as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales and marketing 4.0 3.3 0.7 20.6 11.8 9.8 2.0 20.5 
 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 0.7 million, or 20.6 , from 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 4.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by higher compensation expense due to accrued bonuses as well as higher spend on brand and content expenses as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Sales and marketing expense increased by 2.0 million, or 20.5 , from 9.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 11.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by higher compensation expense due to accrued bonuses and higher spend on social media marketing and public relations as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Research and development 2.6 2.4 0.1 5.5 7.3 8.1 (0.8) (9.9 
 
 Research and development expense increased by 0.1 million, or 5.5 , from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by higher compensation expense, including accrued bonuses and severance-related expenses, partially offset by costs capitalized related to internal-use software as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Research and development expense decreased by 0.8 million, or 9.9 , from 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 7.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease was driven primarily by lower stock-based compensation expense, lower regulatory testing, and costs capitalized related to internal-use software, partially offset by accrued bonuses and severance-related expenses as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 32 

Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest expense, net (0.1) (0.1) 16.4 (0.3) (3.0) 2.7 (91.6 Common stock warrant liability adjustment (0.7) 2.4 (3.1) (128.1 9.5 2.7 6.9 255.9 Other income (expense), net NM 0.1 (0.1) 0.2 NM 
 
 Not meaningful ("NM"). 
 
 Interest expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was mostly flat as compared to the same period in the prior year. Interest expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included 0.3 million of termination fees related to the SVB term loan and 0.2 million of other interest expense, partially offset by a 0.5 million gain on interest for forgiveness of interest accrued related to an arrangement with a significant vendor that was fully settled in September 2024. 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 2.7 million, from 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we entered into an agreement with a significant vendor to pay 3.0 million of interest over 36 months with respect to past due payables. The present value of the future payments was expensed and included within interest expense, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations in that period. In January 2024, the agreement was amended and the schedule of interest payments was modified from 36 months to 28 months, but the amount of interest payable was unchanged. In September 2024, the agreement was amended again, allowing us to terminate the agreement with a final interest payment of 0.6 million, which was then fully settled in September 2024. The reduction in the total cumulative interest payments to 2.2 million resulted in us recording a reduction of interest expense at termination of 0.5 million. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a loss of 0.7 million as compared to a gain of 2.4 million for the same period in the prior year, resulting from an increase in the fair value of common stock warrants outstanding. The loss recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included the increase in fair value of the Series B Warrants that were issued in February 2024, which were not outstanding during the same period in the prior year. The gain of 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 resulted from a decrease in the fair value of common stock warrants outstanding. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a gain of 9.5 million as compared to a gain of 2.7 million for the same period in the prior year resulting from a larger decrease in the fair value of common stock warrants outstanding. Additionally, the gain recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included the decrease in fair value of the Series B Warrants that were issued in February 2024, which were not outstanding during the same period in the prior year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have historically funded our operations primarily with proceeds from issuances of our convertible preferred stock, issuances of our common stock, borrowings under our loan facilities, issuances of convertible promissory notes, and sales of our products and services. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 21.5 million. 
 
 September 2024 Offering 
 
 On September 11, 2024, we entered into the underwriting agreement and issued 3,135,136 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 3.70 per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The net proceeds we received at the closing of the offering on September 13, 2024 were 10.6 million. In addition, we incurred 0.7 million in issuance costs that were unpaid as of September 30, 2024. We provided the underwriter a discount of 7 off the offering price. We also reimbursed the underwriters for 0.2 million in fees and expenses, including legal expenses, out-of-pocket expenses, and clearing expenses. 
 
 Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we also issued, as a portion of the underwriting compensation payable to the underwriter, a warrant to purchase up to 125,405 shares of our common stock (which was subsequently transferred to certain affiliates of the underwriter, the Titan Warrants ). The Titan Warrants are initially exercisable on March 13, 2025 at an exercise price of 4.63 and have a term of five years from such initial exercise date. 
 
 33 

February 2024 Offering 
 
 On February 25, 2024, we entered into a private placement investment agreement with certain investors, pursuant to which we issued and sold to the investors (i) an aggregate of 9,250 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,799,021 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series B Warrants ), for an aggregate gross purchase price of 9.3 million. 
 
 Each of the Series B Warrants sold in the private placement offering is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 7.71 per share, is immediately exercisable, and will expire on March 1, 2029. As the Series B Warrants could require cash settlement in certain scenarios, the warrants were classified as liabilities upon issuance and were initially recorded at an aggregate estimated fair value of 6.9 million. The total proceeds from the offering were first allocated to the liability-classified warrants, based on their fair values, with the residual 2.4 million allocated to the Series B convertible preferred stock. 
 
 We incurred 0.4 million of issuance costs related to the offering. Issuance costs allocated to the preferred stock of 0.1 million were recorded as a reduction to the Series B convertible preferred stock. 
 
 Funding Requirements 
 
 In accordance with ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), we have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report are issued. 
 
 Since inception, we have experienced recurring operating losses and generated negative cash flows from operations, resulting in an accumulated deficit of 259.1 million as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had negative cash flows from operations of 14.5 million and 22.0 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had 21.5 million of cash on hand. 
 
 Recurring operating losses, negative cash flows from operations since inception, and a low cash balance relative to current obligations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report are issued. The condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report have been prepared on a going concern basis and accordingly, do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As we continue to address these financial conditions, we have undertaken the following actions: 
 
 As described above, in September 2024, we issued 3,135,136 shares of common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 9.8 million. In February 2024, we consummated a sale of preferred stock and warrants to purchase our common stock for aggregate net proceeds of 8.9 million. 
 
 As described below and in Note 4, Debt and Other Financing Arrangements within the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, in September 2024, we entered into a loan facility agreement with WTI Fund X, Inc. and WTI Fund XI, Inc. (collectively WTI for a term loan facility of up to 15.0 million (the WTI Loan Facility ). On September 11, 2024, we entered into an asset-based revolving credit facility (the "ABL Line of Credit") with a maximum revolving commitment of up to 15.0 million. In connection with these transactions, we used our then-existing cash to repay and extinguish all borrowings outstanding under the line of credit and term loan agreements with SVB and initiated a drawdown of 7.5 million under the WTI Loan Facility. 
 
 We have not generated sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our capital requirements. There can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient future cash flows from operations due to potential factors, including but not limited to inflation, recession, or reduced demand for our products. If revenues decrease from current levels, we may be unable to further reduce costs, or such reductions may limit our ability to pursue strategic initiatives and grow revenues in the future. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Failure to secure additional funding may require us to modify, delay or abandon some of our planned future development, or to otherwise enact further operating cost reductions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and ability to achieve our intended business objectives. 
 
 If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 34 

We also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights or jointly own some aspects of our technologies, products or services that we would otherwise pursue on our own. 
 
 SVB Revolver and Term Loan 
 
 On November 23, 2022, we entered into the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the LSA with SVB. The LSA provided for a 10.0 million revolving line of credit (the SVB Revolver and for a 8.5 million term loan, which amortized with equal monthly installments of 0.5 million that would have matured on October 1, 2024. 
 
 On September 11, 2024, we used existing cash to prepay and extinguish all borrowings outstanding under the LSA. In addition to normal principal and interest, we paid 0.8 million to extinguish this loan, 0.3 million of which was recorded as interest income (expense), net . 
 
 WTI Loan Facility 
 
 On September 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), we entered into the WTI Loan Facility with WTI. We initiated our first drawdown under the WTI Loan Facility of 7.5 million (the Initial Loan shortly after closing. 
 
 The WTI Loan Facility consists of two tranches. The first tranche of 10.0 million was available at closing and through September 30, 2024, with 2.5 million of the first tranche availability extendable until December 31, 2024 (the First Tranche Commitment ). The second tranche of 5.0 million is available through August 15, 2025 (the Second Tranche Commitment , or together with the First Tranche Commitment, the Loan Commitments upon achievement of (a) at least 48.6 million in revenue for the period commencing October 1, 2024 and ending June 30, 2025 (the Second Tranche Condition Period ), (b) total cash burn during the Second Tranche Condition Period not to exceed 0.6 million for such period, (c) receipt by us of at least 6.0 million of net proceeds from an equity financing during a period commencing on the closing date and ending on the second tranche borrowing date, and (d) receipt by WTI of our then-current, board-approved operating and financing plan to WTI's satisfaction, as well as compliance with certain reporting conditions. The remaining 2.5 million of the First Tranche Commitment is available until December 31, 2024. Once repaid, we cannot reborrow from the WTI Loan Facility. 
 
 We have the option to prepay the outstanding loans issued under the WTI Loan Facility in whole at any time by repaying all outstanding principal and accrued interest, as well as all scheduled unpaid interest on the loan, including payment-in-kind interest PIK Interest ), as if the loan continued to accrue interest through its stated maturity. Provided if the fully diluted market capitalization of our Class A common stock common stock is greater than or equal to 250.0 million for 10 consecutive Trading Days, then so long as such prepayment is made within 60 days thereafter, the redemption price will be discounted by 30 of the total amount of all scheduled but unpaid interest (but excluding any PIK Interest, which will not be discounted). 
 
 The WTI Loan Facility contains certain reporting and operational covenants that must be met for us to borrow funds under the Loan Commitments and not cause an event of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, WTI could elect to force redemption of the outstanding balances under the WTI Loan Facility, requiring us to pay all outstanding principal and accrued interest, as well as all scheduled unpaid interest on the loan, including PIK interest. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, we will also be required to pay default interest on any overdue balances at a rate of 5.0 . The WTI Loan Facility and any loans and obligations issued thereunder are collateralized by substantially all of our assets and are guaranteed by us. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the WTI Loan Facility. 
 
 As partial consideration for the availability and funding of the WTI Loan Facility, we entered into a Stock Issuance Agreement (the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement with WTI Fund X, LLC Fund X and WTI Fund XI, LLC Fund XI , and together with Fund X, the WTI Funds ), dated as of the Effective Date. Pursuant to the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement, we issued to the WTI Funds an aggregate of 750,000 shares of redeemable common stock on the Effective Date, of which 187,500 are subject to forfeiture in the event that we do not draw on any portion of the remaining outstanding Loan Commitment. To the extent we do exercise our option under the Loan Commitments to issue additional debt, a number of forfeitable shares will 'vest' and no longer be subject to forfeiture based on the pro rata portion of the outstanding Loan Commitments drawn against. 
 
 The shares issued to WTI pursuant to the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement contain an embedded redemption option (the"Redemption Option") such that WTI may elect to force us to redeem the shares that are no longer subject to forfeiture for a price of 8.40 per share. The Redemption Option may be exercised, with respect to any amount that is equal to or less than the entire balance of such shares, at any time during the period commencing on the first trading day following the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date and continuing through the date which is 10 years after the Effective Date, subject to certain acceleration provisions set forth in the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement. We have also granted the WTI Funds an option (the Exchange Option to exchange all or any portion of the shares issued pursuant to the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement that are vested and held by the WTI Funds at the time of exercise of the Exchange Option for shares of capital stock in any successor entity under certain circumstances, subject to certain conditions set forth in the WTI Stock Issuance Agreement, as well as certain rights to participate in certain future offerings. 
 35 

ABL Line of Credit 
 
 On September 11, 2024 (the Effective Date ), we entered into a Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which provides for an asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Line of Credit with a maximum principal amount of up to 15.0 million. The maximum amount shall increase to 20.0 million on September 11, 2025. The ABL Line of Credit is collateralized by substantially all of our assets. Loans and other obligations under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the 1-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (subject to a floor of 3.50 plus a margin, which varies between 7.50 and 8.50 depending on the our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA provided that the interest rate shall not exceed the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. 
 
 The ABL Line of Credit matures on September 10, 2027 (the Maturity Date ). If for any reason the Credit Agreement is terminated or all outstanding loans and other obligations are paid in full and the ABL Line of Credit is terminated before the Maturity Date, we will be obligated to pay a prepayment fee equal to a percentage of the then-current Revolving Commitment, which percentage decreases on certain anniversary of the closing date. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default customary for agreements of this type. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants associated with the Credit Agreement and there was 9.9 million of outstanding borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, the borrowing base availability under the Credit Agreement was 0.7 million. 
 
 Financed Insurance Premium 
 
 In July 2024, we renewed our corporate directors officers and employment liability policies and entered into several new short-term commercial premium finance agreements with First Insurance Funding totaling 0.6 million to be paid within one year, accruing interest at a weighted average rate of 8.6 . As of September 30, 2024, the remaining principal balance on the combined financed insurance premiums was 0.5 million. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (14.5) (22.0) Net cash used in investing activities (0.7) Net cash provided by financing activities 20.6 25.9 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 5.3 3.9 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 14.5 million as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 22.0 million in the prior year. The change in operating cash flows was primarily driven by a lower operating loss, which was 12.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to an operating loss of 25.6 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 0.7 million to invest in various projects, including the development of our new subscription app. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we used substantially no cash for investing activities due to the prioritization of research and development projects that supported seeking regulatory clearances for our products. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 20.6 million and 25.9 million, respectively. The decrease is primarily driven by the higher amount proceeds raised by the Series A preferred stock offering in February 2023 as compared to the combined proceeds raised by the common stock offering in September 2024 and the Series B preferred stock offering in February 2024. Additionally, in September 2024, we drew down 7.5 million under the WTI Loan Facility and we made payments on the Term Loan totaling 5.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to payments totaling 2.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 36 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes from the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our Form 10-K, other than policies disclosed in this Report. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of September 30, 2024, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting exist as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. Specifically, we did not maintain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate degree of internal controls and accounting knowledge, experience, and training commensurate with our accounting and financial reporting requirements. This material weakness contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the segregation of duties related to journal entries. Specifically, certain personnel have the ability to both create and post journal entries within the Company s general ledger system. This material weakness did not result in any adjustments to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accounting for the accuracy and existence of inventory, nor controls which verified the completeness and accuracy of accrued liabilities. Each of these material weaknesses resulted in immaterial adjustments that were recorded as out-of-period adjustments within the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accounting for convertible preferred stock and warrant arrangements. Further, we did not design and maintain effective controls to verify the completeness and accuracy of sales returns and accrued sales tax. Each of these material weaknesses resulted in material adjustments to several account balances and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019. The sales returns material weakness also resulted in immaterial adjustments to revenue and accrued and other expenses as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The material weakness for accounting for convertible preferred stock and warrant arrangements also resulted in immaterial adjustments that were recorded as out-of-period adjustments within the three and nine-months ended September 30, 2024. 
 37 

We did not design and maintain effective controls over IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain (i) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately, (ii) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate Company personnel, (iii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch jobs are monitored, and data backups are authorized and monitored, and (iv) testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. This material weakness did not result in any adjustments to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Additionally, each of the material weaknesses described above could result in a misstatement of one or more account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the interim or annual consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 Remediation Plan 
 
 We have initiated a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. The remediation measures will be ongoing, and although not all inclusive, remediation measures include hiring additional accounting and financial reporting personnel and implementing additional policies, procedures and controls, all of which will result in future costs for the Company. 
 
 We have taken actions to improve our IT general controls, segregation of duties over journal entries controls, inventory controls, accrued liabilities, and warrant arrangements. However, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we have taken actions to enhance the design of the controls we believe are necessary to remediate the material weaknesses related to the sales returns, accrued sales tax, and convertible preferred stock and warrant arrangements. While these enhancements to the design of the controls have been implemented as of September 30, 2024, we may determine the need to make further enhancements to the design of these controls. These material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until our remediation plan has been fully implemented, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we have concluded, through testing, that the newly implemented and enhanced controls are operating effectively. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, our management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Report on Form 10-Q state fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the remediation efforts described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

PART II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We evaluate any claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, and the expected effect on us of defending the claims and a potential adverse result. However, the results of any litigation, investigations or other legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and expensive. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, damage to our reputation, and divert significant resources. If any legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, or we were to enter into a settlement agreement, we could be exposed to monetary damages or limits on our ability to operate our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 5, Commitments and Contingencies within the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to those described as risk factors, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual operating results and financial condition to vary materially from past, or anticipated future, operating results and financial condition. For a discussion of these potential risks and uncertainties, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Form 10-K, as supplemented by the risk factors below. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and the price of our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 If any governmental authority or notified body were to require marketing authorization or similar certification for any product that we sell for which we have not obtained such marketing authorization or certification, we could be subject to regulatory enforcement actions and/or be required to cease selling or recall the product pending receipt of marketing authorization or similar certification from such other governmental authority or notified body, which can be a lengthy and time-consuming process, harm financial results and have long-term negative effects on our operations. 
 
 We currently sell Smart Sock and Dream Sock in certain countries outside of the U.S., and we have not obtained medical device marketing authorizations, approvals, or certifications from any governmental authority or notified body, other than from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") for Dream Sock and BabySat and from the notified body BSI under European Union EU and United Kingdom UK EU Medical Devices Regulation (2017/745 or MDR for Dream Sock. In response to inquiries from the FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions regarding the marketing of Smart Sock and Dream Sock (in the case of the FDA, prior to ceasing distribution of Smart Sock and prior to our recent marketing authorization for Dream Sock Health Notifications features), we had communicated our beliefs that such products are not medical devices that require medical device or similar marketing authorization or certification from such other regulatory authorities or notified bodies. However, certain regulatory authorities had expressed that they did not agree with that conclusion and in some instances required us to obtain marketing authorization, such as a clearance or approval, or other certification to continue to sell the product. 
 
 For example, Owlet has been corresponding with the Medical Devices Directorate, Canada's medical device regulatory authority within Health Canada, regarding the device classification requirements of Smart Sock and Dream Sock. As a result of these exchanges, Owlet ceased selling and advertising Smart Sock in Canada on December 10, 2021. We have, however, marketed and sold Dream Sock in Canada since January 2022. Health Canada, the regulatory authority responsible for the Canadian medical device market, initially asserted that Dream Sock was a medical device that can no longer be sold in Canada unless a relevant license has been issued. In the second half of 2022, we responded with our position that Dream Sock is not a medical device, and Health Canada has not affirmatively concluded that it agrees or disagrees with our position. If Health Canada does not agree with our position, we may be required to cease distribution of the product into the Canadian market and may be subject to enforcement action. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining authorization or certification to sell any of our products as medical devices is a time-consuming and costly process and we may be precluded from selling such products if we are required to obtain marketing authorization, such as a clearance or approval, or other certification, and maintain such authorizations if received. The path to market varies among international jurisdictions and may require additional or different product testing than required to obtain FDA marketing authorization. Certifications or marketing authorizations from one foreign regulatory authority or notified body does not ensure certification or 
 39 

marketing authorization by any other foreign regulatory authority or notified body or by the FDA. If we fail to receive necessary certifications or marketing authorizations to commercialize our products in any jurisdictions on a timely basis, or at all, or if we later lose such certifications or marketing authorizations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, regulatory requirements may change from time to time, which could adversely affect our ability to market new products and services, or continue to market existing products and services. Moreover, even if granted, a marketing authorization or certification could require conditions to sale, such as a prescription requirement. If regulatory authorities require such marketing authorization, including clearance or approval, or other certifications for the products that we sell, we could be subject to regulatory enforcement action, time-consuming and costly marketing authorization and certification application processes, or required to cease selling or to recall the product in the corresponding jurisdiction pending receipt of such marketing authorization or certification. We also could be required to modify the product s functionality or limit our marketing claims for the product, whether or not we obtain such marketing authorization or other required certification. In any such event, our business could be substantially harmed. 
 
 We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings that, if adversely decided or settled, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are, and may in the future become, party to litigation, regulatory proceedings or other disputes. In general, claims made by or against us in disputes and other legal or regulatory proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming to bring or defend against, requiring us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. These potential claims may include but are not limited to personal injury and class action lawsuits, intellectual property claims and regulatory investigations relating to the advertising and promotional claims about our products and services and employee claims against us based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment or wrongful termination. Any one of these claims, even those without merit, may divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. Any adverse determination against us in these proceedings, or even the allegations contained in the claims, regardless of whether they are ultimately found to be without merit, may also result in settlements, injunctions or damages that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, in the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. In November 2021, two putative class action complaints were filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Both complaints alleged violations of the Exchange Act against the Company and certain of our officers and directors on behalf of a putative class of investors who: (a) purchased the Company s common stock between March 31, 2021 and October 4, 2021 Section 10(b) Claims or (b) held common stock in SBG as of June 1, 2021, and were eligible to vote at SBG's special meeting held on July 14, 2021 Section 14(a) Claims ). Both complaints allege, among other things, that we and certain of our officers and directors made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose certain information regarding the FDA s likely classification of the Owlet Smart Sock as a medical device requiring marketing authorization. On September 8, 2023, the Court ruled that while the two cases were consolidated, there would be two distinct and separate classes to represent the Section 10(b) Claims and Section 14(a) Claims, respectively, and appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel. An amended complaint was filed for both classes on November 21, 2023, and then further amended and consolidated filings by the plaintiffs counsel on December 22, 2023. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims and filed on February 9, 2024 motions to dismiss the cases in response to these complaints, on behalf of itself and the named officers and directors. The plaintiffs filed oppositions to the motions to dismiss on March 24, 2024, and the Company filed replies in support of the motions to dismiss on May 10, 2024. On August 5, 2024, the Court denied Owlet s and its officers motions to dismiss the Section 10(b) Claims and the Section 14(a) Claims. On September 24, 2024, the Court entered a scheduling order in the case, setting trial to begin on February 17, 2026. On September 26, 2024, the Court granted Owlet s and its officers motion for reconsideration regarding the Section 10(b) Claims and dismissed all claims arising out of statements made prior to the merger. 
 
 Further, on August 26, 2024 and October 3, 2024, investors filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, derivatively on behalf of the Company, complaints asserting claims for violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as state law claims, including breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets. One complaint (captioned Janet Vargas, Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:24-cv-07258-FLA-PVC) asserts claims against twelve of the Company s current or former directors and officers and six current or former directors and officers of Sandbridge Acquisition Corporation. The other (captioned Nathan Capleton, Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant Owlet, Inc. , Case No. 2:24-cv-08536-JAK-MAA) asserts claims against eleven of the Company s current or former directors. Both complaints leverage the allegations made in one of the securities class action complaints. Neither complaint specifies the damages claimed in the action. 
 
 These lawsuits and any future lawsuits to which we may become a party are subject to inherent uncertainties and will likely be expensive and time-consuming to investigate, defend and resolve. Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or we may 
 40 

decide to settle this or other lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or stock price. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation of Our Industry and Products 
 
 Marketing authorization for our prescription-required BabySat pediatric monitor does not ensure commercial success of this product. Successful commercialization of this product will require us to implement processes, procedures and operations necessary to market and sell medical devices. We may not be successful in implementing these conditions, which could subject us to new risks. 
 
 In June 2023, we received our first medical device marketing authorization with the 510(k) clearance from the FDA for BabySat, a prescription use-only pulse oximeter indicated for use in the home environment that measures and displays functional oxygen saturation of arterial hemoglobin and pulse rate and for spot-checking and/or continuous monitoring of well-perfused patients greater than one month old up to 18 months old and weighing between 6 and 30 pounds. In order to market and distribute BabySat or other similar medical devices, we will need to modify certain of our internal business operations so that they comply with medical device requirements and to enable distribution of the product in accordance with the limitations of use described in our marketing authorizations. For example, as the 510(k) clearance for BabySat limits distribution of this product to prescription use-only, we will be unable to utilize the direct-to-consumer model we use to distribute Dream Sock and Owlet Cam (as well as Smart Sock, in certain countries outside of the U.S.). Though we are currently exploring several new distribution channels, including working with durable medical equipment distributors, healthcare institutions, and other healthcare payor and provider channels, we may not be successful in identifying, or implementing with our current resources, an appropriate distribution channel for BabySat. Further, even though we have received FDA clearance for BabySat, we will still need to demonstrate the business and clinical rationale and justifications of this product in order for healthcare institutions and providers to be convinced of the need to prescribe it, and we may not be successful in these efforts. 
 
 We are required to maintain authorizations or certifications for our prescription-required BabySat pediatric monitor in the U.S. and for our Dream Sock with Health Notifications in the U.S., EU and UK in order to continue commercializing and selling these products in the named jurisdictions. Failure to maintain such authorizations or certifications on a timely basis, or at all, could severely harm our business. 
 
 In June 2023, we received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for BabySat, a prescription use-only pulse oximeter indicated for use in the home environment designed to measure and display functional oxygen saturation of arterial hemoglobin and pulse rate and for spot-checking and/or continuous monitoring of well-perfused patients greater than one month old up to 18 months old and weighing between 6 and 30 pounds. In November 2023, we obtained de novo classification from the FDA for Dream Sock with Health Notifications. As such, both of these products are regulated as medical devices by the FDA, and we must continue to maintain compliance with medical device requirements with respect to the manufacture, sale, marketing, and distribution of these products. 
 
 The FDA s interpretations of its laws and regulations are subject to change. If the FDA changes its policy or concludes that the marketing of any of our products is not in accordance with current policies, regulations or statutory requirements, or if the FDA changes its applicable policies or if changes are introduced to applicable laws or regulations, we may be required to seek clearance or approval or other marketing authorization for these products. If we do not timely comply with updated policies or requirements, we may not be permitted to continue marketing these products until marketing authorization is obtained, or may be the subject of regulatory enforcement actions or recalls. In addition, if safety or effectiveness problems are later identified by the FDA with any of our medical device products, we may need to initiate a product recall. 
 
 In March 2024 we received EU MDR certification for Dream Sock in the EU, and in May 2024 we received UKCA MDR certification for Dream Sock in the UK. We are currently marketing and selling Dream Sock in these jurisdictions. 
 
 In order to continue to sell medical devices in the EU, products must comply with the general safety and performance requirements of the EU MDR. Continued compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the European Conformity CE mark to medical devices, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in the EU. All medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the general safety and performance requirements laid down in Annex I to the MDR including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. Medical devices must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and where applicable other persons, provided that any risks which may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and 
 41 

safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. To demonstrate compliance with the general safety and performance requirements, we have undergone a conformity assessment in the form of a technical file review conducted by our notified body. Upon completion of the technical file review the notified body issued a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. Non-compliance with the above requirements would also prevent us from continued sales of medical devices in these countries. 
 
 Following Brexit, EU laws no longer apply directly in Great Britain. The regulations on medical devices in the UK continue to be based largely on the three EU Directives which preceded the EU MDR, as implemented into national law. However, under the terms of the Protocol on Ireland/Northern Ireland, the EU MDR does apply to Northern Ireland. Consequently, there are currently different regulations in place in the UK as compared to both Northern Ireland and the EU, respectively. Ongoing compliance with both sets of regulatory requirements may result in increased costs for our business. 
 
 In addition, quality system certifications, both ISO 13485 and MDSAP requirements must be maintained as evidence of ongoing compliance for continued sales of medical devices in the US, EU and UK. We undergo an annual assessment by our notified body of the application of the quality system requirements regarding design and development, product risk profiles and post market surveillance. Failure to maintain the quality system certifications could result in regulatory enforcement action, and/or suspension of sales pending corrective action. 
 
 As we expand into international markets, we will be required to obtain and maintain regulatory authorizations, including clearances or approvals, or other certifications in order to commercialize certain of our products in certain international markets. Failure to obtain such regulatory authorizations or certifications in relevant foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from marketing medical device products abroad. 
 
 We currently market and intend to continue to market our products and services internationally. We expect certain of our pipeline products to be regulated as medical devices, and we have received communications from certain regulatory authorities inquiring as to the regulatory status of our Smart Sock, and whether such product is regulated as a medical device in such jurisdictions. In these communications, some regulatory authorities have asserted that Smart Sock is a medical device that must comply with medical device requirements in those jurisdictions. See our risk factor titled, If any governmental authority or notified body were to require marketing authorization or similar certification for any product that we sell for which we have not obtained such marketing authorization or certification, we could be subject to regulatory enforcement actions and/or be required to cease selling or recall the product pending receipt of marketing authorization or similar certification from such other governmental authority or notified body, which can be a lengthy and time-consuming process, harm financial results and have long-term negative effects on our operations." 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants 
 
 Our failure to meet the NYSE s continued listing requirements could result in a delisting of our common stock. 
 
 If we fail to satisfy the NYSE's continued listing requirements, the NYSE may take steps to delist our common stock. For example, in April 2023, we were notified by NYSE that we were not in compliance with Section 802.01B of the NYSE Listed Company Manual as the average global market capitalization of our common stock over a consecutive 30 trading-day period and, at the same time, our last reported stockholders equity were each less than 50 million. In May 2023, we submitted a business plan advising the NYSE of the definitive actions we had taken as of the date of that submission and were planning on taking in order to bring us into compliance with NYSE continued listing standards within 18 months of receipt of the NYSE Notification (the Cure Period ). The plan was accepted by the NYSE in July 2023. On October 10, 2024, we received formal notice from the NYSE that we had regained compliance with the NYSE s continued listing standards. As a result of our achievement of compliance with the NYSE s minimum market capitalization requirement for the requisite period of time, the NYSE has advised us that we are no longer considered out of compliance with these continued listing standards, and the below compliance BC indicator has been removed from our Class A common stock. Additionally, we are no longer noted as being below continued listing standards on the NYSE s website (www.nyse.com). In accordance with the NYSE s Listed Company Manual, we will be subject to a 12-month follow-up period within which we will be reviewed to confirm that we do not once again fall below any of the NYSE s continued listing standards. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance with these or any other NYSE listing requirements during or after the 12-month follow-up period. 
 
 Delisting from the NYSE could make trading our common stock more difficult for investors, potentially leading to declines in our share price and liquidity. In addition, without a NYSE market listing, stockholders may have a difficult time getting a quote for the sale or purchase of our common stock, the sale or purchase of our common stock would likely be made more difficult and the trading 
 42 

volume and liquidity of our common stock could decline. Delisting from the NYSE could also result in negative publicity and could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. The absence of such a listing may adversely affect the acceptance of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. If our common stock is delisted by the NYSE, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter quotation system, such as the OTCQB market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our common stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. We cannot assure you that our common stock, if delisted from the NYSE, would be eligible to be listed on another national securities exchange or quoted on an over-the counter quotation system. 
 
 Additionally, the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. If our common stock were no longer listed on the NYSE or any other national exchange, our common stock would not qualify as covered securities under such statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Except as previously disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2024, there were no unregistered sales of equity securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (a) None. 
 
 (b) None. 
 
 (c) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no directors or "officers" (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company , modified or "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" and/or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements" (each as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

43 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Merger Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Project Olympus Merger Sub, Inc. and Owlet Baby Care Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 2.1 2/16/2021 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Owlet, Inc. 
 10-K 001-39516 3.1 3/8/2024 3.2 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Owlet, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 3.1 2/21/2023 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Owlet, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 3.1 7/7/2023 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Owlet, Inc. 
 S-4 333-254888 3.4 3/31/2021 3.5 Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of Owlet, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 3.1 3/4/2024 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated September 14, 2020, between Sandbridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 8-K 001-39516 4.1 9/18/2020 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate . 
 S-1 333-24832 4.4 9/1/2020 4.3 Form of Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock in connection with the February 2023 Offering. 
 8-K 001-39516 4.1 2/21/2023 4.4 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with the February 2024 Offering. 
 8-K 001-39516 4.1 2/26/2024 4.5 Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock, dated February 25, 2024, by and between Owlet, Inc. and Eclipse Early Growth Fund I, L.P. 
 8-K 001-39516 4.2 2/26/2024 4.6 
 Form of Representative s Purchase Warranted, dated September 13, 2024, between Owlet, Inc. and American Capital Partners, LLC 
 8-K 001-39516 
 4.1 9/13/2024 
 10.1 
 Credit and Security Agreement among Owlet Baby Care, Inc., Owlet, Inc., the other Borrowers and Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and ABL OPCO LLC, dated as of September 11, 2024 
 8-K 001-39516 10.1 
 9/11/2024 
 10.2 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2024, by and among ABL OPCO LLC, Owlet, Inc. and Owlet Baby Care, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 10.2 
 9/11/2024 
 10.3 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2024, among Owlet Baby Care, Inc., Owlet, Inc., WTI Fund X, Inc., and WTI Fund XI, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 10.3 
 9/11/2024 
 10.4 
 Stock Issuance Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2024, by and among WTI Fund X, LLC, WTI Fund XI, LLC, and Owlet, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39516 10.4 
 9/11/2024 
 10.5 
 Owlet, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan, as Amended. 
 S-8 
 333-281623 
 99.1 
 8/16/2024 
 10.6 
 Form of Owlet, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice. 
 S-8 
 333-281623 
 99.2 
 8/16/2024 
 10.7 
 Promotion Letter between Owlet, Inc. and Amanda Twede Crawford . 
 10.8 
 Separation Agreement between Owlet, Inc. and Kathryn Scolnick . 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The annexes, schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 #The Company has omitted schedules and exhibits pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of the omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request. 

44 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Company Name Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ Kurt Workman Name: Kurt Workman Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ Amanda Crawford Name: Amanda Crawford Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

45 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 promotionletterbetweenowle.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 OWLET BABY CARE, INC. 
 3300 N. Ashton Blvd. STE 300 
 Lehi, UT 84043 

July 9, 2024 
 
 Amanda Crawford 9518 Glacier Lane 
 Sandy, UT 84092 Dear Amanda, 
 Congratulations! We are excited to inform you that you are being promoted with Owlet Baby Care, Inc. Thank you for your hard work. We would like to express our appreciation for the great work you do for our team and recognize your continued contributions to our Owlet mission! 
 
 This letter outlines the details of your promotion 
 
 Effective Date July 9, 2024 
 
 New Title Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 New Base Salary Increase 300,000 annualized, minus applicable deductions. 
 
 Your salary will be evaluated again in Q1 2025 and potentially adjusted upwards (10 to 15 percent increase) depending on business performance at that time (available cash and operational ability). 
 
 Status Full-Time, Exempt 
 
 New Bonus Potential You have the potential to earn an annual bonus targeted at 35 percent of your annual base salary, based on the achievement of company goals and your individual performance. Payment of the bonus will be made within one month following the completion of the Company s financial statement audit, unless otherwise determined by your manager, and will be taxed as compensation. The bonus is contingent upon being continuously employed by Owlet through time of the payout. 
 
 Equity Award Subject to the approval of the Company s board of directors (the Board ), the Company will grant you an equity award with a Target Value of 200,000 - 300,000 at the time of grant in the form of shares of Company common stock (the Initial Equity Award ). It is anticipated that the award will be granted in September 2024. The Initial Equity Award will be in the form of restricted stock units. The Initial Equity Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s then current equity incentive plan and an award agreement to be signed by you and the Company. Your Equity Award vesting period will be determined at the time of grant. 

OWLET BABY CARE, INC. 
 3300 N. Ashton Blvd. STE 300 
 Lehi, UT 84043 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of major fluctuations in the Company s stock price or significant changes in the Company s capital structure, the Company reserves the right to adjust the terms of the Employee s equity compensation. Any such adjustments will be made in the Company s sole discretion and in compliance with applicable laws and the current equity incentive plan. 
 
 At-Will Employment Your employment with the Company is at-will. This means that either you or the Company can terminate your employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice, without liability. This also means that the Company can adjust your compensation and benefit programs at any time without liability. No representative of the Company has authority to enter into any agreement contrary to the foregoing employment at will relationship. 
 
 Change of Control You are now eligible for the company s Executive Change in Control Severance Plan dated August 14, 2023 given your new role and responsibilities. Please review the policy to understand your eligibility for benefits under the plan. However, please note that this eligibility may be subject to change in the future, contingent upon any revisions to the plan that may be approved at a future date. 
 
 Severance Benefit In the event that your employment is terminated without cause (as defined below), you are guaranteed a severance package equivalent to six months of your current salary contingent upon your execution and delivery, and not revoking, of a separation agreement and general release of claims in favor of the Company in a form acceptable to the Company within sixty (60) days following your termination date, and your continued compliance with all applicable restrictive covenants, including, without limitation, any confidentiality agreements you have entered into. 
 
 Double-Trigger Acceleration Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event your employment with the Company (or the Company s successor) is either (i) terminated by the Company (or the Company s successor) without Cause or 
 (ii) terminated by you for Good Reason (as defined below), after a Change in Control Transaction (as defined by the company s Executive Change in Control Severance Plan dated August 14, 2023), then 100 of the then-unvested shares shall automatically vest on the date of such termination, contingent upon your execution and delivery, and not revoking, of a separation agreement and general release of claims in favor of the Company in a form acceptable to the Company within sixty (60) days following your termination date, and your continued compliance with all applicable restrictive covenants, including, without limitation, any confidentiality agreements you have entered into. 

OWLET BABY CARE, INC. 
 3300 N. Ashton Blvd. STE 300 
 Lehi, UT 84043 

Definitions. Solely for purposes of the Severance Benefit and Double Trigger Acceleration sections 
 
 1. Termination for cause refers to cessation of employment due to an employee s actions or behavior that is deemed detrimental to the Company. This may include, but is not limited to, gross misconduct, violation of company policies, insubordination, negligence of duties, or any illegal activity. The decision will be made in accordance with the company s disciplinary procedures, ensuring a fair and thorough investigation of the matter. 
 2. Good Reason shall mean, without your written consent, (i) a material reduction of your duties or responsibilities relative to your duties or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided, however, that a reduction in duties or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Company being acquired and made part of a larger entity (as, for example, when the Chief Financial Officer of the Company remains as such following a Change in Control but is not made the Chief Financial Officer of the acquiring corporation) will not constitute Good Reason (ii) a material reduction by the Company in your base salary as in effect immediately prior to such reduction, except for any such reductions which affect all similarly situated employees of the Company to the same degree or (iii) any material breach by the Company of this letter. In order for you to resign for Good Reason, you must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the initial existence of such Good Reason condition. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company will have 30 days during which it may remedy the Good Reason condition. If the Good Reason condition is not remedied within such a 30-day period, you may resign based on the Good Reason condition specified in the notice effective no later than 30 days following the expiration of the 30-day cure period. 

OWLET BABY CARE, INC. 
 3300 N. Ashton Blvd. STE 300 
 Lehi, UT 84043 

Congratulations! 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Kurt Workman 
 Kurt Workman 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Acknowledgment of Acceptance of Employment Change 
 
 I accept employment with Owlet Baby Care, Inc. and acknowledge and fully agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this offer letter 
 
 Amanda Crawford 7 9 2024 
 Employee Signature Date 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 separationagreementbetween.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 1. Parties. This agreement (this Agreement is entered into among you , Kate Sco l nick , (for you r se l f , your spouse , heirs , r ep r esentatives , and assigns) Uointly , You or you ). Owlet, Inc. (' Pa r ent') and Owlet Baby Care , Inc . t he Compa n y an d , together with Pare n t , Owlet effective as of the 8th day following the date you sign this Agreement (the E ffective Date ). In no event shall you sign this Agreement prior to the Separation Date (as defined below) or more than forty-five (45) days a fte r you receive a copy of this Agreement from Owlet. 
 
 2. Separation Date. You acknowledge that your last day of employment with Owlet will be September 6, 2024 or such earlier date you take any action that would const i t ute Cause (as defined in Parent ' s Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (t h e CIC P l an (the Separation Date . 
 
 3. Separation Bene f its . Subject to this Agreement becoming effective and irrevocable on the Effective Date , you will receive the following (the Separation Benefits 
 
 26 weekly payments of 9014.42 (Equivalent to six months of your base salary and target bonus at the weekly rate) minus applicable federal and state w i thholding , to be paid in accordance with Owlet's usual payroll practice . Owlet will begin making these payments on the first regular pay date which occurs at least ten business days after the Effective Date, with the first such installment to i nclude any installments that would have been paid had the Effective Date occurred on the Separation D ate . 
 
 In the event you timely elect t o rece i ve continued healthcare coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), Ow l et will directly pay the full cost of continued healthcare coverage for you and your covered dependents under COBRA based on your coverage elections as of immediately prior to the Separation Date for the period commencing on October 1, 2024 and ending on the earlier of September 30, 2025 or the date on which you or your covered dependents become eligible for medical, dental , and vision coverage through another entity . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is n o t , or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A (as defined below) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1 a )( 5), or (2) Owlet is otherwise unable to continue to cover you or your dependents under its group health plans without penalty unde r applicable law (includ i ng, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act ), then , i n either case , an amount equal to each remaining subsidy provided hereunder shall thereafter be paid to you in substantially equal monthly installments . After Owlet ceases to pay premiums pursuant to the preceding sentence , you may, if e l i gible , elect to continue healthcare coverage at your expense in accordance with the provisions of COBRA. 
 
 You agree to promptly notify Owlet should you become eligible for medical , dental , and vision coverage through another entity , after which time payment under t h i s section shall cease . I f you fail to comp l ete the appropriate COBRA paperwork and your insurance coverage lapses as a result , you agree that you will not hold Owlet liable for any benefit coverage or benefits lost , or for any other damages that may result. If you have any question regarding your insurance coverage , you understand that you should contact peoplesupport ow l e t care . com and 

Subject to any required tax withholding, retention of your company equipment, specifically your laptop, keyboard, monitors, and mouse. Any other property remains the property of Owlet 
 
 Each Parent equity award held by you, including each stock option and award of restricted stock units, shall vest and, if applicable become exercisable, as of the Separation Date. Any vested stock options held by you that remain unexercised on the three-month anniversary of the Separation Date shall thereupon automatically terminate and 
 
 Receive executive outplacement services through an outplacement service provider selected by Owlet. 
 
 In the event a Change of Control closes within three months following the Separation Date, then the Company will thereupon pay to you an amount equal to 
 50,000, which constitutes the difference between the target bonus being paid to you under the first bullet of this Section 3 and your prorated target bonus for 2024 based on your Separation Date. 
 You understand that the Separation Benefits in this paragraph are conditioned on you signing this Agreement after your Separation Date but signing no later than forty-five (45) days after you received this Agreement and this Agreement becoming irrevocable on the eighth (8th) day after you sign the Agreement. 
 
 4. General Release. In exchange for the Separation Benefits described in Paragraph 3 above, you are waiving and releasing the Released Parties (defined below) from any and all known or unknown claims and causes of action you have or may have, as of the day you sign this Agreement, arising out of your employment with Owlet, including your separation from employment. The claims you are releasing include, but are not limited to, the following 
 
 claims, actions, causes of action, rights, or liabilities arising under Title Vil of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA''), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Family Rights Act, the California Equal Pay Act, the California Industrial Welfare Commission Wage Orders, the California Business & Professions Code Section 17200 et seq., the California Labor Code (except for Section 2802 and the provisions relating to Workers' Compensation), and any other federal, state, county, municipal, or local employment discrimination statutes (including, but not limited to, claims based on age, sex, race, religion, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, ancestry, harassment, parental status, handicap, disability, height, weight, retaliation, and veteran status) 
 
 claims, actions, causes of action, rights, or liabilities arising under any other federal, state, county, municipal, or local statute, law, ordinance, or regulation 
 
 all claims that you have been adversely affected by a discriminatory pay decision or other discriminatory practice, including claims that compensation you received has been reduced because of discrimination based on gender, race, national origin, age, or disability, as well as any claim that the gross severance amount 
 2 

referenced in Paragraph 3 above has been reduced because of such 
 discrimination 
 
 except as otherwise provided under Paragraphs 3 and 7 of this Agreement, all claims to any payment or regarding the calculation of your payment under any bonus, incentive compensation, or vacation program offered by Owlet 
 
 any rights to become a member of any class in a case in which claims are asserted against Owlet that relate in any way to your employment or your separation from employment with Owlet. If you are made a member of a class in any proceeding, you will opt out of the class at the first opportunity (and or not opt in) 
 
 any other claim whatsoever including, but not limited to, claims for severance pay, breach of contract, promissory estoppel, wrongful termination, defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, tort, personal injury, invasion of privacy, violation of public policy, negligence, bad faith, plus any other common law, statutory, or other claim whatsoever arising out of or relating to your employment with and separation from employment with Owlet or any other Released Parties and 
 
 any right to recovery of any remedy (including, but not limited to, costs or attorney fees) obtained by any government agency that assumes jurisdiction over any claim, action, cause of action, right, or liability that is released by this Agreement. 
 5. WAIVER OF UNKNOWN CLAIMS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF AND ARE FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS 
 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 
 BEING AWARE OF SAID CODE SECTION, YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE THEREUNDER, AS WELL AS UNDER ANY OTHER STATUTES OR COMMON LAW PRINCIPLES OR SIMILAR EFFECT. 
 
 6. Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement is intended, to the greatest extent permitted under law, to fall within the short-term deferral or separation pay exemption provided in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other interpretative guidance issued thereunder Section 409A such that no benefits or payments under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the timing of any payments under this Agreement shall be made consistent with such exemption. Executive's right to receive a series of installment payments under this Agreement, if any shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Separation Date. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A provided, however, that this paragraph shall not create an obligation on the part of the Company to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, nor shall the Company have any liability for failing to do so. To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A, such reimbursements shall be paid to you no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect 
 3 

the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and Executive's right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 7. Exclusions From General Release. Excluded from the General Release above are (i) any claims which you may make under state workers' compensation or unemployment laws and (ii) ANY RIGHTS WHICH BY LAW YOU CANNOT WAIVE, such as but not limited to the right to enforce this Agreement or to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities Exchange Commission, the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). You further understand that this Agreement does not limit your ability to (i) initiate, testify, assist, comply with a subpoena from or participate in any manner with an investigation conducted by the appropriate local, state, or federal agency or (ii) file or disclose any facts necessary to receive unemployment insurance, Medicaid, or other public benefits or (iii) communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to Owlet. This Agreement also does not limit your rights to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agency. Additionally, nothing in this Agreement (including the Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information and Non-Disparagement provisions in Paragraphs 11 and 13) shall be construed to interfere with your right to (i) testify truthfully in any legaI proceeding, including, but not limited to, responding to inquiries by a Government Agency, (ii) testify before an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment on the part of any party to this Agreement, or their agents or employees, (iii) disclose factual information (other than the amount of any settlement) related to any claim in a civil or administrative action regarding sexual assault and or sex-based harassment, sex-based discrimination, or retaliation for reporting harassment or discrimination based on sex. Further, nothing within this Agreement shall be construed to in any way restrict or impede you from exercising your rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act. 
 
 8. Released Parties. The term Released Parties includes Owlet and Owlet's past and present employees, directors, officers, shareholders, owners, agents, partners, insurers, attorneys, successors, executors, and representatives of any kind. The term Released Parties also includes Owlet's parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies and their past and present employees, directors, officers, shareholders, owners, agents, partners, insurers, attorneys, successors, executors, and representatives of any kind. 
 
 9. Employee Acknowledgments. You also agree that you (i) have been paid all monies owed for all hours worked through the last payroll period ending before you sign this Agreement (ii) have been paid for all unused vacation accrued through the last payroll period that ended before you sign this Agreement (iii) have received all Family Medical Leave Act leave or other leave which you requested and for which you were eligible under law and or Owlet policy (iv) have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which you have not already filed a claim and (v) have communicated in writing to Owlet management any facts, theories, or other information which you believe show or may show that Owlet or its representatives have violated federal, state, or local tax law, or any other law. 
 
 10. Return of Employer Property. Except as provided in Paragraph 3 above, within seven 
 (7) days of your Separation Date, you must return to Owlet all Owlet property in your possession or control, including, but not limited, to crediUcalling cards, cell phone, applicable information technology equipment, pager, pda Blackberry, parking tag, documents, and records. You further agree that you will not keep, transfer, or use any copies or excerpts of the above items. 
 
 11. Cessation of Benefits. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, all of your Owlet employee benefits shall cease September 30, 2024, with the exception of life disability benefits which end on your Separation Date. You will be eligible to elect continued health insurance coverage under COBRA if you have chosen benefits under Owlet's plans. 
 4 

12. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. You also acknowledge that, in your position with Owlet, you may have had access to Owlet's confidential information, including, but not limited to, confidential financial records financial and other plans marketing methods and systems advertising strategies and methods strategic plans manufacturing and distribution methods and systems databases payroll information customer client lists or customer client contact information, including information on customer client needs, preferences, use of Owlet's products and services, and pricing warranty information information regarding suppliers reports prepared by consultants training materials management and administrative systems and other business information (collectively and separately, Confidential Information ). You acknowledge that Owlet has a legitimate business interest in preventing use of and disclosure of its confidential and proprietary information, customer and vendor lists, customer contact information, training materials, and techniques, and in fostering, developing, and preserving its relationship with its current and prospective clients, vendors, and customers and in preserving its customer and vendor goodwill. You agree not to use or disclose such Confidential Information to any third parties for so long as it remains confidential to the public or for twenty-four (24) months after execution of this Agreement, whichever time period is shorter. To the extent any of the Confidential Information is a trade secret under any applicable trade secret law, including state trade secret laws, the statutory or common law on trade secrets will be applicable to and control the protection (including the length of protection) afforded the trade secret. 
 
 13. Cooperation in Future Legal Matters. You further agree, from and after your Separation Date, to make yourself available to Owlet, its legal counsel, and other advisors to provide reasonable cooperation and assistance to Owlet with respect to areas and matters in which you were involved during your employment, including any threatened or actual investigation, regulatory matter, and or litigation concerning Owlet, and to provide to Owlet, if requested, information and other assistance relating to ongoing matters of interest to Owlet. Barring a legal prohibition to the contrary, you further agree to notify Owlet immediately if you are contacted by any third party related to such threatened or actual investigation, regulatory matter, and or litigation concerning Owlet. In these events, Owlet will take into consideration your personal and business commitments, give you as much advance notice as is reasonably possible, and ask that you be available only at such time or times as are reasonably convenient to you and Owlet. Owlet agrees to reimburse you for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses you incur as a result of your complying with this provision, subject to your submission to Owlet of documentation substantiating such expenses as Owlet may require. 
 
 14. Mutual Non-Disparagement of Employer. You further agree that, subject to Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, from the date on which you sign this Agreement forward, you shall not take any actions or make any verbal or written statements to the public, future employers, current, former, or future employees of Owlet, or any other third party which may reflect negatively on Owlet, its affiliates, or its officers, directors, managers, employees, products, services, or business practices, except as may be permitted by law. You also represent and warrant that you have not taken any such actions or made any such statements up until the date on which you sign this Agreement. 
 
 Owlet agrees that, subject to applicable law, from the date on which this Agreement was delivered to you, Owlet shall not, and shall instruct their officers and directors to not, take any actions or make any verbal or written statements to the public, future employers, current, former, or future employees of Owlet, or any other third party which may reflect negatively on you. Owlet represents and warrants that they have not taken any such actions or made any such statements up until the date this Agreement was delivered to you. 
 
 15. Non-Admissions . The fact and terms of this Agreement are not an admission by Owlet of liability or other wrongdoing under any law or otherwise. 
 16. Additional Employee Acknowledgments. You also agree that 
 
 you are entering into this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily 
 5 

you have been advised by this Agreement to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement 
 
 you understand you may take up to forty-five (45) days after receiving this Agreement to consider it before signing however, if you are under forty (40), you have twenty-one (21) days to consider , rather than forty-five (45) 
 
 you are not otherwise entitled to the separation pay and other benefits described in Paragraph 3 of this Agreement and 
 
 If you are forty (40) or over, Owlet has attached, as Exhibit A, a disclosure of certain information provided pursuant to the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act. 
 
 17. Revocation Payment . After you sign this Agreement, you will have seven (7) days to revoke it if you change your mind. If you want to revoke the Agreement, you should deliver or email a written revocation to Seth Niederhauser at sniederhauser owletcare.com within seven (7) days after you sign it. If you timely deliver and do not timely revoke this Agreement, you will receive the Separation Benefits described in Paragraph 3 above. 
 
 18. Entire Agreement. You acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes and reflects the entire agreement regarding your separation from employment with Owlet and that it supersedes any pr ior agreement or understanding, written or unwritten, regarding your separation from emp l oyment with Ow l et , except if you are subject to any separate obligation to Owlet that restricts your post-separation employment activities. 
 
 19. Choice of Law Severability . This Agreement shall be governed, construed , and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state where you reported to work while employed with Owlet. If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, the rest of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 
 
 20. Effective Date. You agree that this Agreement and your entitlement to any benefits under this Agreement do not become effective until signed by both Parties and the revocation period in Paragraph 16 has expired . 

Kate Scolnick Owlet, Inc. and Owlet Baby Care, Inc. 
 s Kurt Workman 
 Signature 
 BY Kurt Workman 
 TITLE Chief Executive Officer 
 DATE July 9, 2024 
 s Kate Scolnick 
 Signature 
 DATE July 9, 2024 

6 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex-311owletinc302certifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kurt Workman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Owlet, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 By s Kurt Workman 
 Kurt Workman Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex-312owletinc302certifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Amanda Crawford, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Owlet, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 By s Amanda Crawford 
 Amanda Crawford Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex-321owletinc906certifica.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Owlet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 14, 2024 By s Kurt Workman 
 Kurt Workman Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 14, 2024 By s Amanda Crawford 
 Amanda Crawford Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 owlt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 owlt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 owlt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 owlt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 owlt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

