<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1665988_0001628280-24-045114.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8898629</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132868</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1603700</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2811960</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2314222</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1890504</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045114.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105073642
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bioventus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001665988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				810980861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37844
		FILM NUMBER:		241425641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4721 EMPEROR BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(919) 474-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4721 EMPEROR BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			DURHAM
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045114.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 bvs-20240928.htm
 10-Q

bvs-20240928 

m 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 29, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

BIOVENTUS INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATIO N 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 4 
 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securitie s 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 37 
 Signature 
 39 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless expressly indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to Bioventus, we, us, our, the Company, and similar references refer to Bioventus Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Bioventus LLC BV LLC ). 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), concerning our business, operations and financial performance and condition, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business operations and financial performance and condition. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding our business strategy, including, without limitation, the impact of the planned divestiture of our Advanced Rehabilitation Business on our financial condition and operations, potential acquisitions, expected expansion of our pipeline and research and development investment, cost savings initiatives, new therapy launches, expected timelines for clinical trial results and other development milestones, expected contractual obligations and capital expenditures, recent dispositions of non-core assets, our domestic and international operations and expected financial performance and condition, and impacts of inflation and ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, potential, positioned, seek, should, target, will, would and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may turn out to be inaccurate. Furthermore, if the forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things: the dilution of our Class A common stockholders upon an exchange of the outstanding common membership interests in BV LLC could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and the resale of such shares could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fall; we might not realize some or all of the benefits expected to result from the planned divestiture of our Advanced Rehabilitation Business; we might not meet certain of our debt covenants under our Credit and Guaranty Agreement and might be required to repay our indebtedness on an accelerated basis; there are restrictions on operations and other costs associated with our indebtedness; any identified material weakness could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner; we might not be able to complete acquisitions or successfully integrate new businesses, products or technologies in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner; our cash is maintained at financial institutions, often in balance that exceed federally insured limits; we are subject to securities class action litigation and may be subject to similar or other litigation in the future, which will require significant management time and attention, result in significant legal expenses or costs not covered by our insurers, and may result in unfavorable outcomes; our ability to maintain our competitive position depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate our senior management team and highly qualified personnel; we are highly dependent on a limited number of products; our long-term growth depends on our ability to develop, acquire and commercialize new products, line extensions or expanded indications; we may be unable to successfully commercialize newly developed or acquired products or therapies in the United States; demand for our existing portfolio of products and any new products, line extensions or expanded indications depends on the continued and future acceptance of our products by physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community; the proposed down classification of non-invasive bone growth stimulators, including our Exogen system, by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA could increase future competition for bone growth stimulators and otherwise adversely affect the Company s sales of Exogen; failure to achieve and maintain adequate levels of coverage and/or reimbursement for our products or future products, the procedures using our products, such as our hyaluronic acid HA viscosupplements, or future products we may seek to commercialize; pricing pressure and other competitive factors; governments outside the United States might not provide coverage or reimbursement of our products; we compete and may compete in the future against other companies, some of which have longer operating histories, more established products or greater resources than we do; if our HA products are reclassified from medical devices to drugs in the United States by the FDA, it could negatively impact our ability to market these products and may require that we conduct costly additional clinical studies to support current or future indications for use of those products; our failure to properly manage our anticipated growth and strengthen our brands; risks related to product 

Table of Contents 

 liability claims; fluctuations in demand for our products; issues relating to the supply of our products, potential supply chain disruptions, and the increased cost of parts and components used to manufacture our products due to inflation; our reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers to manufacture certain of our products; if our facilities are damaged or become inoperable, we will be unable to continue to research, develop and manufacture certain of our products; economic, political, regulatory and other risks related to international sales, manufacturing and operations; failure to maintain contractual relationships; security breaches, unauthorized access to our disclosure of information, cyberattacks, or other incidents, or the perception that confidential information in our or our vendors or service providers possession or control is not secure; failure of key information technology and communications systems, process or sites; risks related to our future capital needs; failure to comply with extensive governmental regulation relevant to us and our products; we may be subject to enforcement action if we engage in improper claims submission practices and resulting audits or denials of our claims by government agencies could reduce our net sales or profits; the FDA regulatory process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain, and the failure to obtain and maintain required regulatory clearances and approvals could prevent us from commercializing our products; if clinical studies of our future product candidates do not produce results necessary to support regulatory clearance or approval in the United States or elsewhere, we will be unable to expand the indications for or commercialize these products; unstable political or economic conditions; legislative or regulatory reforms; our business might experience adverse impacts due to public health outbreaks; risks related to intellectual property matters; and other important factors described in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as may be further updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Bioventus Inc. 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales (including depreciation and amortization of 
 , , and , respectively) 
 Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Research and development expense Restructuring costs ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Depreciation and amortization Impairments of assets Loss on disposals Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net Other (income) expense ) ) ) Other expense Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit), net ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - continuing operations Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations Net loss attributable to Bioventus Inc. ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - continuing operations Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations Comprehensive loss attributable to Bioventus Inc. ) ) ) ) Loss per share of Class A common stock from continuing operations, basic and diluted: Loss per share of Class A common stock from discontinued operations, basic and diluted: Loss per share of Class A common stock, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted: 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Bioventus Inc. 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease assets Deferred tax assets Investment and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of contingent consideration Other current liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Deferred income taxes Contingent consideration Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value, shares authorized, shares issued 
 Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 28, 2024 and 
 December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 
 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity attributable to Bioventus Inc. Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Bioventus Inc. 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts)(Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- controlling interest Total Stockholders' equity Balance at June 29, 2024 ) ) Issuance of Class A common stock for equity plans Net loss ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest allocation ) Equity based compensation Translation adjustment Balance at September 28, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated Deficit Non- controlling interest Total Stockholders' equity Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Issuance of Class A common stock for equity plans Net loss ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest allocation ) Equity based compensation Translation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated Deficit Non- controlling interest Total Stockholders' equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Issuance of Class A common stock for equity plans Net loss ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest allocation ) Equity based compensation Translation adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated Deficit Non- controlling interest Total Stockholders' equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Issuance of Class A common stock for equity plans Net loss ) ) ) Change in noncontrolling interest allocation ) Equity based compensation Translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Bioventus Inc. 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Less: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Benefit for expected credit losses ) ) Equity-based compensation Change in fair value of contingent consideration Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment of assets Loss on disposals Unrealized loss on foreign currency fluctuations ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities Net cash from operating activities - continuing operations Net cash from operating activities - discontinued operations ) Net cash from operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of a business Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Investments and acquisition of distribution rights ) Net cash from investing activities - continuing operations ) Net cash from investing activities - discontinued operations ) Net cash from investing activities ) Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock Borrowing on revolver Payment on revolver ) Debt refinancing costs ) ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities Accrued liabilities for intellectual property Accounts payable for purchase of property, plant and equipment The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Bioventus Inc. 
 Notes to the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except unit and share amounts) 
 
 1. 
 employees. 
 Interim periods 
 The Company reports quarterly interim periods on a 13-week basis within a standard calendar year. Each annual reporting period begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. Each quarter ends on the Saturday closest to calendar quarter-end, with the exception of the fourth quarter, which ends on December 31. The 13-week quarterly periods for fiscal year 2024 end on March 30, June 29 and September 28. Comparable periods for 2023 ended on April 1, July 1 and September 30. The fourth and first quarters may vary in length depending on the calendar year. 
 Unaudited interim financial information 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Pursuant to these rules and regulations, they do not include all information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments, and the adjustments discussed in Note 1. Organization considered necessary for a fair statement of the Company s financial condition and results of operations have been included. Operating results for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. As such, the information included in this report should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2023 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company, but does not include all the disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. 
 Unless otherwise noted, all financial information in the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements reflects the Company s results from continuing operations. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business (as defined in Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 Due to the short-term nature of the Company s receivables, the estimate of expected credit losses is based on aging of the account receivable balances. The allowance is adjusted on a specific identification basis for certain accounts as well as pooling of accounts with similar characteristics. The Company has a diverse customer base with no single customer representing ten percent or more of sales. The Company had one customer representing approximately and of the accounts receivable balance as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Historically, the Company s reserves have been adequate to cover credit losses. 
 Inventory 
 Finished goods (a) 
 
 (a) Raw materials and supplies of and finished goods inventory of attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Demonstration and consignment inventory Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures (a) 
 Finance leases Machinery and equipment (b) 
 Assets not yet placed in service Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 (a) Net furniture and fixtures of attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 (b) Net machinery and equipment of attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 The Company incurred a disposal loss on fixed assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of the integration of acquisitions. The loss is recorded in loss on disposal within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution rights Customer relationships IPR D Developed technology and other Total carrying amount Less accumulated amortization: Intellectual property (a)(b) 
 ) ) Distribution rights ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Developed technology and other ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net before currency translation Currency translation ) ) 
 (a) Intellectual property of and accumulated amortization of attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3.Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 (b) The Company recorded an impairment loss of and for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 in the U.S. reporting segment of net intellectual property solely attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business. The loss was recorded in impairment of assets within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Refer to Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding businesses held for sale. 
 Estimated amortization expense for intangibles subsequent to reclassifications, impairment and additions for the remainder of 2024 and for the years ended December 31, 2025 through 2028 is expected to be , , , and , respectively. 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Bonus and commission Compensation and benefits Accrued interest Income and other taxes Other liabilities (a) 
 
 (a) Accrued liabilities of attributable to the Company s Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to liabilities held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 at closing, subject to a post-closing adjustment for net working capital, indebtedness, transaction expenses and cash, and up to an aggregate of in potential earn-out payments Earn-out Payments ), which are based on the achievement of certain revenue and financial metric thresholds in respect to sales of products from the Advanced Rehabilitation Business during the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. 
 The divestiture of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business is expected to close near the end of 2024 or early 2025 and is expected to simplify the Company s business structure and improve liquidity, as the proceeds, net of transactional fees, are required to be used to reduce long-term debt obligations. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had incurred in transactional fees resulting from the planned divestiture of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business. 
 The Company has classified the identifiable net assets of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business as held for sale. A significant portion of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business net assets were within the U.S. reporting segment. Assets and liabilities determined to be part of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business have been recorded as single amounts within the Company s consolidated financial statements. Assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, which is expected to occur within one year. The Company ceased depreciating and amortizing the assets classified as held for sale on June 29, 2024. Assets and liabilities held for sale are reviewed each reporting period to determine whether existing carrying values are fully recoverable in comparison to estimated fair values less costs to sell. 
 The Company evaluated the Advanced Rehabilitation Business for impairment due to its planned divestiture. As a result of this evaluation, the Company recorded impairments totaling and for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, under the U.S. reporting segment within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The impairment losses reduced the intangible assets of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business to reflect their respective fair values less any costs to sell. The fair value of its intangibles was based on the consideration agreed to with the purchaser for the Advanced Rehabilitation Business. 
 Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Operating lease assets Other assets Total assets held for sale Carrying amounts of liabilities classified as held for sale: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities held for sale 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 , including at closing, deferred for months and up to in potential earn-out payments, which are based on the achievement of certain revenue thresholds for sales of the TheraSkin and TheraGenesis products by the purchaser of the Wound Business during the 2024, 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. 
 The Company incurred in transactional fees resulting from the sale of the Wound Business. The Company used the proceeds from the sale of its Wound Business to prepay of long-term debt obligations. Refer to Note 4. Financial instruments for further details regarding the Company s outstanding long-term debt obligations. 
 The Company evaluated the Wound Business for impairment prior to its sale and recorded a impairment within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of this evaluation to reduce the intangible assets of the Wound Business to reflect their respective fair values less any costs to sell. The fair value of its intangibles was determined based on the consideration received for the Wound Business. The loss resulting from the deconsolidation of the Wound Business totaled and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and were recorded in loss on disposals within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 CartiHeal (2009) Ltd. 
 On July 12, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of of the remaining shares in CartiHeal (2009) Ltd. CartiHeal ), a developer of the proprietary Agili-C implant for the treatment of joint surface lesions in traumatic and osteoarthritic joints. On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Elron Ventures Ltd. Elron ), as representative of CartiHeal s former securityholders (the Former Securityholders ). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Elron, on behalf of the Former Securityholders, agreed to forbear from initiating any legal action or proceedings related to non-payment of any obligations including deferred purchase price and contingent consideration totaling and , respectively, under the Company s previous agreements to purchase CartiHeal from the Former Securityholders. 
 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company also transferred of its shares in CartiHeal to a trustee (the Trustee for the benefit of the Former Securityholders and made a one-time non-refundable payment of to Elron to be used for purposes set forth in the Settlement Agreement. Given that upon execution of the Settlement Agreement, the Company had no ownership interest or voting rights in CartiHeal, the Company concluded that it had ceased to control CartiHeal for accounting purposes, and therefore, deconsolidated CartiHeal effective February 27, 2023. CartiHeal was part of the Company s international reporting segment and the Company treated the deconsolidation of CartiHeal as a discontinued operation. The loss on disposal was and was recorded within discontinued operations, net of tax within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to Note 14. Discontinued operation s for further information regarding the impact of CartiHeal on the Company s consolidated condensed financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 4. 
 at September 28, 2024) 
 Revolver due October 2025 at September 28, 2024) 
 Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Unamortized discount ) ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 term loan (the Original Term Loan and a revolving facility (the Revolver ). The Company amended the 2019 Credit Agreement on August 29, 2021, and then again on October 29, 2021 in connection with the acquisition of Misonix, Inc., in which the Company prepaid on the Original Term Loan. The 2019 Credit Agreement, as amended, subsequent to the prepayment, was comprised of a term loan Term Loan and the Revolver. 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company further amended the 2019 Credit Agreement in conjunction with the acquisition of CartiHeal (the CartiHeal Acquisition ). Pursuant to that amendment, an term loan facility (the July 2022 Term Loan and, together with the Term Loan, the Term Loan Facilities was extended to the Company to be used for: (i) the financing of the CartiHeal Acquisition; (ii) the payment of related fees and expenses; (iii) repayment of the draws made on the Revolver; and (iv) working capital needs and general corporate purposes of the Company, including without limitation for permitted acquisitions. 
 On March 31, 2023, the Company entered into an additional amendment to the 2019 Credit Agreement to, among other things, modify certain financial covenants, waive covenant noncompliance at December 31, 2022, and to modify interest rates applicable to borrowings under the 2019 Credit Agreement. 
 On January 18, 2024 (the Closing Date ), the Company further amended the 2019 Credit Agreement (collectively, with the August 2021, October 2021, July 2022 and March 2023 amendments, the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement ), to further modify certain financial covenants under the 2019 Credit Agreement. The Company was in compliance as of September 28, 2024 with the financial covenants as stated within the 2019 Credit Agreement. 
 SOFR loans and base rate loans had a margin of and , respectively, subsequent to July 11, 2022 and prior to the Closing Date. As of the March 31, 2023 amendment, SOFR loans and base rate loans had a margin of and , respectively. All obligations under the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and certain wholly owned subsidiaries where substantially all the assets of the Company collateralize the obligations. 
 The Amended 2019 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including those related to financial reporting and notification, restrictions on the declaration or payment of certain distributions on or in respect of Bioventus LLC s equity interests, restrictions on acquisitions, investments and certain other payments, limitations on the incurrence of new indebtedness, limitations on transfers, sales and other dispositions of assets of Bioventus LLC and its subsidiaries, as well as limitations on making changes to the business and organizational documents of Bioventus LLC and its subsidiaries. Financial covenant requirements include a maximum debt leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. In addition, during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending upon the satisfaction of certain conditions occurring not prior to the delivery of financial statements of the Company for the fiscal quarter ending October 29, 2025, the Company will be subject to certain additional requirements and covenants, including a requirement to maintain Liquidity (as defined in the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement) of not less than as of the end of each calendar month during such period. The Term Loan Facilities will mature on October 29, 2026. The Revolver will mature on October 29, 2025. 
 The January 2024 amendment had deferred financing costs of , of which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expense within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss and was capitalized on the consolidated condensed balance sheets during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. The March 2023 amendment had deferred financing costs of , of which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expense within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss and was capitalized on the consolidated condensed balance sheets during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were losses on debt refinancing and modification as a result of either the January 2024 or March 2023 amendments. 
 As of September 28, 2024, was outstanding on the Term Loan Facilities, net of original issue discount of and deferred financing costs of . As previously discussed in Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures , the Company made a prepayment of on its Term Loan Facilities with the proceeds from the Wound Business divestiture during the second quarter of 2023. Capitalized deferred fees are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the Term Loan Facilities, which approximates the effective interest method. Interest expense includes deferred cost amortization of , , and for the three months September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The estimated fair value of the Term Loan Facilities was as of September 28, 2024. The fair value of these obligations was determined based on the midpoint of the Bloomberg Valuation. This is classified as a Level 2 instrument within the fair value hierarchy. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 revolving credit facility that includes revolving and swingline loans as well as letters of credit LOC and, inclusive of all, could not exceed at any one time as the Revolver capacity was reduced by at December 31, 2023 in accordance with the 2019 Credit Agreement then in effect. The Revolver was further reduced by at June 30, 2024, limiting borrowing capacity to . The Company had outstanding borrowings on its Revolver as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. LOCs are available in an amount not to exceed . The Company had LOCs outstanding as of September 28, 2024, leaving approximately available. Revolving loans are due at the earlier of termination or maturity. Swingline loans are available as base rate option loans only and must be outstanding for at least . Swingline loans are due the fifteenth or last day of a calendar month or maturity, whichever is earlier. 
 
 5. 
 
 Contingent consideration Total liabilities: 
 Contingent consideration 
 The Company initially values contingent consideration related to business combinations using a probability-weighted calculation of potential payment scenarios discounted at rates reflective of the risks associated with the expected future cash flows for certain milestones. For other milestones, the Company used a variation of the income approach where revenue was simulated in a risk-neutral framework using Geometric Brownian Motion, a stock price behavior model. 
 Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of contingent consideration include projected financial information, market data and the probability and timing of achieving the specific targets. After the initial valuation, the Company generally uses its best estimate to measure contingent consideration at each subsequent reporting period using unobservable Level 3 inputs. 
 Unobservable inputs 
 - 
 Payment period 2025 
 
 Significant changes in these assumptions could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value. The contingent consideration reported in the table above resulted from the acquisition of Bioness on March 30, 2021. Contingent consideration is adjusted quarterly based upon the passage of time or the anticipated success or failure of achieving certain milestones. Changes in contingent consideration related to Bioness for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 totaled a loss of and a gain of , respectively. Changes in contingent consideration related to Bioness for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 totaled losses of and , respectively. Contingent consideration activity is recorded as the change in fair value of contingent consideration within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 shares of Class A common stock have been authorized to be awarded under the 2021 Plan and shares were available for 2021 Plan Awards. 
 2023 Plan 
 The Company also operates the 2023 Retention Equity Award Plan (the 2023 Plan and, together with the 2021 Plan, the Plans ), the purpose of which is to retain and motivate critical personnel over the short-term by providing them additional incentives in the form of RSUs (the Retention Awards and together with the 2021 Plan Awards, the Awards ). As of September 28, 2024, shares of Class A common stock were authorized to be awarded under the 2023 Plan and shares were available for Retention Awards. 
 Activity under the Plans 
 Expense 
 Equity-based compensation, net for Awards granted under the Plans for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 totaled and , respectively. Equity-based compensation, net for Awards granted under the Plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled and , respectively. Expenses and expense reductions are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expense with a nominal amount in research and development expense within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss based upon the department of the employee. There were income tax benefits related to equity-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company granted time-based RSUs which vest at various dates through March 15, 2028. RSU compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is typically between and years. Unamortized compensation expense related to the RSUs totaled at September 28, 2024, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or canceled ) Unvested at September 28, 2024 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to years following the date of grant and expire within years. The fair value of time-based stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, with such value recognized as expense over the service period, which is typically to years, net of actual forfeitures. 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Expected stock price volatility - 
 Expected life of stock options (years) 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was per share. The expected term of the options granted is estimated using the simplified method. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s peers common stock. The risk-free interest rate is determined based upon a constant U.S. Treasury security rate with a contractual life that approximates the expected term of the option. Unamortized compensation expense related to the options totaled at September 28, 2024, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at September 28, 2024 Exercisable and vested at September 28, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the market price of the Company s Class A common stock for options that had exercise prices lower than per share, as this was the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on September 27, 2024, the last trading day of the second quarter. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company operates a non-qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), which provides for the issuance of shares of the Company s Class A common stock to eligible employees of the Company that elect to participate in the plan and purchase shares of Class A common stock through payroll deductions at a discounted price. As of September 28, 2024, the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP was . A total of shares were issued under the ESPP and of expense was recognized during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. A total of and shares were issued under the ESPP and and of expense was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 shares of Class A common stock through an UP-C structure with BV LLC. In connection with the IPO, the Company amended and restated the limited liability agreement of BV LLC BV LLC Agreement to provide for a new single class of common membership interests in BV LLC LLC Interests and exchange all of the existing membership interests in BV LLC (the Original BV LLC Owners for new LLC Interests. The Company also amended its certificate of incorporation to authorize the following shares: (i) shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share; (ii) shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share, which have voting rights but no economic interest, and some of which were issued to the Original BV LLC Owners; and (iii) shares of undesignated preferred stock that may be issued from time to time by the Company s board of directors. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Company acquired, by merger, certain entities that were part of the Original BV LLC Owners Former BV LLC Owners ), for which the Company issued Class A common stock as merger consideration IPO Mergers and cancelled the Class B common stock held by such Former BV LLC Owners. The IPO Mergers are deemed to be a recapitalization transaction. 
 Holders of the Company s Class A and Class B common stock are entitled to vote per share and, except as otherwise required, will vote together as a single class on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Holders of Class B common stock are not entitled to receive dividends and will not be entitled to receive any distributions upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. Shares of Class B common stock may only be issued to the extent necessary to maintain the -to-one ratio between the number of LLC Interests and the number of shares of Class B common stock held by Smith Nephew, Inc. (the Continuing LLC Owner ). Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only together with an equal number of LLC Interests. Shares of Class B common stock will be canceled on a -for-one basis upon the redemption or exchange of any outstanding LLC Interests. 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 In connection with any redemption pursuant to the BV LLC Agreement, the Company will receive a corresponding number of LLC Interests, increasing its ownership interest in BV LLC. Future redemptions of LLC Interests will result in a change in ownership and reduce the amount recorded as noncontrolling interest and increase additional paid-in capital. There were no redemptions during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 or during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Continuing LLC Owner Total 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 8.) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, continuing operations Net loss attributable to Bioventus Inc. Class A common stockholders, continuing operations ) ) ) ) Numerator: Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, discontinued operations Net loss attributable to Bioventus Inc. Class A common stockholders, discontinued operations ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share of Class A common stock from continuing operations, basic and diluted Net loss per share of Class A common stock from discontinued operations, basic and diluted Net loss per share of Class A common stock, basic and diluted 
 Shares of Class B common stock do not share in the losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted losses per share of Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 Stock options RSUs Total 
 (a) Class A Shares reserved for future issuance upon redemption or exchange of LLC Interests by the Continuing LLC Owner. 
 
 9. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 restructuring expenses incurred during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. Restructuring expenses incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled an expense reversal of and pre-tax charges of , respectively. Payments for restructuring liabilities during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 totaled and , respectively. 
 
 10. 
 , , and and , respectively. The change in rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period was primarily due to losses in certain entities. The change for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to prior year was due to the recognition of deferred tax benefits resulting from the impairments recorded. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The Company expects to obtain an increase in the share of the tax basis of the assets of BV LLC when LLC Interests are redeemed or exchanged by the Continuing LLC Owner and other qualifying transactions. This increase in tax basis may have the effect of reducing the amounts that the Company would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. The increase in tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. 
 On February 16, 2021, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement TRA with the Continuing LLC Owner that provides for the payment by the Company to the Continuing LLC Owner of of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that the Company actually realizes as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of assets of BV LLC resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests or any prior sales of interests in BV LLC; and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our making payments under the TRA. 
 The Company maintains a full valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to the tax attributes generated as a result of redemptions of LLC Interests or exchanges described above until it is determined that the benefits are more-likely-than-not to be realized. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO Mergers, the Continuing LLC Owner has not exchanged LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 11. 
 month to years. 
 Short-term lease cost (a) 
 Financing lease cost: Amortization of finance lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 (a) Includes variable lease cost and sublease income, which are immaterial. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating lease obligations Financing lease obligations 
 Current portions of operating and financing lease liabilities are recorded within other current liabilities on the consolidated condensed balance sheets. Noncurrent liabilities resulting from operating and financing leases are recorded within other long-term liabilities. 
 Operating lease liabilities current (b) 
 Operating lease liabilities noncurrent (b) 
 Total operating lease liabilities Property, plant and equipment, net (finance leases) Finance lease liabilities current Finance lease liabilities noncurrent Total financing lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (years) for leases Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate for leases Operating leases Finance leases 
 (a) Net operating lease assets totaling attributable to the Advanced Rehabilitation Business were reclassified to assets held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 (b) Current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities of and , respectively, were reclassified to liabilities held for sale within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details regarding assets held for sale. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 , together with interest earned thereon, to be paid by the defendants and/or the defendant s insurers within 30 days after the later of (x) the date of entry by the Court of an order preliminarily approving the terms of the settlement or (y) receipt by the defendants from lead counsel of the information necessary to effectuate a transfer of the settlement funds; and (iii) no admission of liability or wrongdoing by any party. The Company incurred and of net shareholder litigation costs (including estimated settlement and reimbursement) during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 under the Settlement Agreement, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative expense within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company expects to be reimbursed approximately of the fees incurred to date, which was recorded in other current assets within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. 
 On October 4, 2023, certain of the Company s current and former directors and officers were named as defendants in a derivative shareholder lawsuit (in which the Company is a nominal defendant) filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Grogan, on behalf of Bioventus Inc., v. Reali, et al., No. 1:23-CV-01099-RGA (D. Del. 2023). The complaint asserts violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, breaches of fiduciary duties and related state law claims, and a claim for contribution, and generally alleges the same purported misconduct as alleged in the Ciarciello case. On January 12, 2024, the Court agreed to stay this case pending resolution of the Ciarciello case. The Company may incur further legal costs until settlement is ultimately approved and executed by the Court. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 derivative matters and stay them on terms similar to those entered in the Grogan case. On May 2, 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware granted the stipulation and ordered the consolidation of the Sanderson and Grogan cases. 
 On July 31, 2024, another plaintiff filed a derivative complaint (the Vince Complaint against certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors, naming Bioventus as a nominal defendant only, in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina, captioned Vince v. Reali , No. 1:24-cv-006390CCEJEP (M.D.N.C. 2024). The Vince Complaint asserts violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act similar to those alleged in the Ciarciello case, in addition to claims for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, contribution, and waste. Defendants intend to move to transfer the Vince Complaint to the District of Delaware, pursuant to the forum selection clause in Bioventus s certificate of incorporation. The parties are in discussions to consolidate the above derivative matters, once they are all pending in the same district. 
 The Company believes the claims alleged in the above derivative matters lack merit and intends to defend itself vigorously. The outcomes of these matters are not presently determinable, and any loss is neither probable nor reasonably estimable. 
 Bioness stockholder litigation 
 On February 8, 2022, a minority shareholder of Bioness filed an action in the Delaware State Court of Chancery in connection with the Company s acquisition of Bioness, Teuza, a Fairchild Technology Venture Ltd. v. Lindon, et al., No. 2022-0130 -SG. This action names the former Bioness directors, the Alfred E. Mann Trust Trust ), which was the former majority shareholder of Bioness, the trustees of the Trust and Bioventus as defendants. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the individual directors, the Trust, and the trustees breached their fiduciary duty to the plaintiff in connection with their consideration and approval of the Company s transaction. The complaint also alleges that the Company aided and abetted the other defendants in breaching their fiduciary duties to the plaintiff and that the Company breached the Merger Agreement by failing to pay the plaintiff its pro rata share of the merger consideration. The Company believes that it is indemnified under the indemnification provisions contained in the Bioness Merger Agreement for these claims. On July 20, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss all claims made against it on various grounds, as did all the other named defendants in the suit. A hearing on Bioness and other the defendant s motions was held before the Court of Chancery on January 19, 2023. On April 27, 2023, the Court issued an order which, among other things, dismissed Bioventus from the case. 
 Other matters 
 On November 10, 2021, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement for an HA product and made an upfront payment of . An additional payment of was made in 2022 upon the transfer of certain seller customer data. If the Company is able to obtain a Medical Device Regulation Certification for the product, (the Milestone Payment will be paid to the seller within five days. The Company is also required to pay royalties if certifications are achieved before December 31, 2024. Royalties will be payable through 2026 of on the first in sales and thereafter. On March 8, 2023, the parties amended the agreement under which the Milestone Payment was reduced to , of which was paid on January 31, 2024, and the remainder is due upon receipt of the Medical Device Regulation Certification for the product provided that it is obtained prior to December 31, 2024. As a result, the Company recorded an intellectual property intangible asset totaling for initial payment. 
 On August 23, 2019, the Company was assigned a third-party license on a product currently in development and the Company is subject to a royalty on certain commercial sales, or a nominal minimum amount per quarter. 
 On December 9, 2016, the Company entered into an amended and restated license agreement for the exclusive U.S. distribution and commercialization rights of a single injection osteoarthritis OA product with the supplier of the Company s single injection OA product for the non-U.S. market. The agreement requires the Company to meet annual minimum purchase requirements and pay royalties on net sales. Royalties related to this agreement during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 totaled , , and , respectively. These royalties are included in cost of sales within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 As part of a supply agreement entered on February 9, 2016 for the Company s three injection OA product, the Company is subject to annual minimum purchase requirements for years. After the initial years, the agreement will automatically renew for an additional years unless terminated by the Company or the seller in accordance with the agreement. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 years. 
 From time to time, the Company causes LOCs to be issued to provide credit support for guarantees, contractual commitments and insurance policies. The fair values of the LOCs reflect the amount of the underlying obligation and are subject to fees payable to the issuers, competitively determined in the marketplace. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had LOCs outstanding for . 
 The Company currently maintains insurance for risks associated with the operation of its business, provision of professional services and ownership of property. These policies provide coverage for a variety of potential losses, including loss or damage to property, bodily injury, general commercial liability, professional errors and omissions and medical malpractice. The Company is self-insured for health insurance covering most of its employees located in the United States. The Company maintains stop-loss insurance on a claims made basis for expenses in excess of per member per year. 
 
 12. 
 and , respectively, for the U.S. reporting segment and and , respectively, for the International reporting segment. The Company had product sales to one customer totaling and primarily in the U.S. reporting segment during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, representing and of total net sales, respectively. There were no customers representing 10 or more of net sales during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Restorative Therapies Surgical Solutions Total U.S. net sales International Pain Treatments 
 Restorative Therapies Surgical Solutions Total International net sales Total net sales 
 
 13. 
 reportable segments are U.S. and International. U.S. segment revenues totaled , , and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. International segment revenues totaled , , and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company s products are primarily sold to orthopedists, musculoskeletal and sports medicine physicians, podiatrists, neurosurgeons and orthopedic spine surgeons, as well as to their patients. The Company does not disclose segment information by asset as the CODM does not review or use it to allocate resources or assess operating results and financial performance. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is the segment profitability metric reported to the Company s CODM for purposes of decisions about allocation of resources to, and assessing performance of, each reportable segment. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 International Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Acquisition and related costs ) ) ) ) Shareholder litigation costs ) ) Restructuring and succession charges ) ) ) Equity compensation ) ) ) ) Financial restructuring costs ) ) ) ) Impairments of assets ) ) ) Loss on disposal of a business ) ) Other items ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) 
 
 14. 
 of the Company s shares in CartiHeal to a Trustee. Refer to Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures for further details concerning the Settlement Agreement and the deconsolidation of CartiHeal. CartiHeal had no sales during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Research and development expense Change in fair value of contingent consideration (a) 
 Depreciation and amortization (a) 
 Operating loss from discontinued operations ) Interest expense, net Other expense (b) 
 Other expense Loss before income taxes ) Income tax benefit, net Net loss from discontinued operations ) Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - discontinued operations Net loss attributable to Bioventus Inc. - discontinued operations ) 
 (a) Depreciation and amortization and the change in fair value of contingent consideration represents the significant operating non-cash items of discontinued operations. 
 (b) Other expense includes the loss on deconsolidation, of which was attributable to non-refundable payments. Total investing cash outflows included these non-refundable payments and cash on hand at disposal. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of Bioventus Inc. s (sometimes referred to as we, us, our, Bioventus or the Company financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and our unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 12, 2024 2023 10-K ). 
 
 Executive Summary 
 We are a global medical device company focused on developing and commercializing clinically differentiated, cost efficient and minimally invasive treatments that engage and enhance the body s natural healing process. We operate our business through two reportable segments, U.S. and International, and our portfolio of products is grouped into three businesses: 
 Pain Treatments is comprised of non-surgical joint pain injection therapies as well as peripheral nerve stimulation PNS products to help the patient get back to their normal activities. 
 Surgical Solutions is comprised of bone graft substitutes BGS that increase bone formation to stimulate bone healing in spinal fusions and other orthopedic surgeries, as well as a portfolio of ultrasonic products used for precise bone cutting and sculpting, soft tissue management (i.e., tumor and liver resections) and tissue debridement, in various surgeries, including minimally invasive applications. 
 Restorative Therapies is comprised of a bone healing system, as well as devices designed to help patients regain leg or hand function due to stroke, multiple sclerosis or other central nervous system disorders. 
 The following table sets forth total net sales, net loss and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 138,964 120,794 419,638 376,922 Net loss from continuing operations (5,421) (8,791) (43,515) (113,540) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 23,557 21,735 80,632 66,844 Loss per Class A common stock, basic and diluted: Continuing operations (0.07) (0.12) (0.52) (1.45) Discontinued operations (0.95) Loss per Class A common stock, basic and diluted (0.07) (0.12) (0.52) (2.40) 
 (1) See below under results of operations-Adjusted EBITDA for a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Significant developments 
 Advanced Rehabilitation Business 
 On September 30, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with a third-party purchaser to sell certain products within our Advanced Rehabilitation Business. The Advanced Rehabilitation Business is considered non-core and requires additional research and development expenditures to achieve its next stage of growth. The consideration for the transactions includes 25.0 million at closing, subject to a post-closing adjustment for net working capital adjustments, indebtedness, transaction expenses and cash, and up to an aggregate of 20.0 million in potential Earn-out Payments, which are based on the achievement of certain revenue and financial metric thresholds in respect to sales of products from the Advanced Rehabilitation Business during the 2025 and 2026 fiscal years. 
 The divestiture of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business is expected to close near the end of 2024 or early 2025 and is expected to simplify our business structure and improve liquidity, as the proceeds, net of transactional fees, are required to be used to reduce long-term debt obligations. As of September 28, 2024, we had incurred 2.5 million in transactional fees resulting from the planned divestiture of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluated the Advanced Rehabilitation Business for impairment due to its planned divestiture. As a result of this evaluation, we recorded impairments totaling 2.0 million and 33.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, under the U.S. reporting segment within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The impairment losses reduced the intangible assets of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business to reflect their respective fair values less any costs to sell. The fair value of its intangibles was based on the consideration agreed to with the purchaser for the Advanced Rehabilitation Business. 
 Reclassification 
 We reclassified revenue and expense of the SonicOne Ultrasonic Cleansing and Debridement Systems SonicOne from the Restorative Therapies to the Surgical Solutions business in the first quarter of 2024. SonicOne s capabilities to remove devitalized or necrotic tissue and fiber deposits more closely aligns with Surgical Solutions soft tissue management. SonicOne revenue reclassified for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 1.8 million and 5.3 million, respectively, for the U.S. reporting segment and 0.1 million and 0.2 million for the International reporting segment during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. 
 Allograft Delivery Device 
 The Allograft Delivery Device, a customized delivery system for our OSTEOAMP Flowable product, received FDA clearance in June 2024. OSTEOAMP is an allograft-derived bone graft with growth factors used for reconstructive bone grafting procedures. The Allograft Delivery Device is intended to be used for the delivery of hydrated allograft to an orthopedic site, therefore assisting with the use of OSTEOAMP Flowable, the fastest growing product in our bone graft substitutes portfolio, in minimally invasive surgical procedures as well as open procedures. FDA clearance of the Allograft Delivery Device will also allow us to bring the product to market in the US, starting with a limited launch planned in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 EU MDR 
 The European Union EU Medical Devices Regulation MDR ), which became effective in May 2021, was adopted with the aim of ensuring better protection of public health and patient safety. Among other things, the EU MDR imposed changes to clinical evidence for medical devices, post-market clinical follow-up evidence, annual reporting of safety information for Class III products, and bi-annual reporting for Class II products, Unique Device Identification UDI for all products, submission of core data elements to a European UDI database prior to placement of a device on the market, reclassification of medical devices, and multiple labeling changes. We were able to continue marketing our currently certified products in the EU after the effective date of EU MDR until the associated certifications expire. In April 2024, we received EU Certification for our Exogen Bone Stimulation System, which will allow us to market it throughout the EU. The certificate is valid for 5 years. 
 Wound Business 
 On May 22, 2023, we closed the sale of certain assets within our Wound Business, including the TheraSkin and TheraGenesis products (collectively, the Wound Business ), for potential consideration of 84.7 million, including 34.7 million at closing, 5.0 million deferred for 18 months and up to 45.0 million in potential earn-out payments, which are based on the achievement of certain revenue thresholds by the purchaser of the Wound Business for sales of the TheraSkin and TheraGenesis products during the 2024, 2025, and 2026 fiscal years. We incurred 3.9 million in transactional fees resulting from the sale of the Wound Business and used the proceeds from the sale of the Wound Business to prepay 30.0 million of long-term debt obligations. 
 We evaluated the Wound Business for impairment prior to its sale and recorded a 78.6 million impairment within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of this evaluation to reduce the intangible assets of the Wound Business to reflect their respective fair values, less any costs to sell. The fair values of its intangibles were determined based on the consideration received for the Wound Business. 
 Amended 2019 Credit Agreement 
 On January 18, 2024, we further amended the 2019 Credit Agreement in order to modify certain financial covenants under the 2019 Credit Agreement. Refer to Part I. Item 1. Financial Information Notes to the consolidated condensed financial statements Note 4. Financial instruments for further information regarding the January 2024 amendment. 
 Consolidated Appropriations Act 
 In July 2022, in connection with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 CAA ), the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS began utilizing new pricing information the Company reported to it pursuant to the newly adopted reporting obligations to adjust the Medicare payment to healthcare providers using our Durolane and Gelsyn-3 products. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 For a description of the components of our results of operations, refer to Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 10-K. 
 The following table sets forth components of our consolidated condensed statements of operations as a percentage of net sales for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales (includes depreciation amortization) 
 32.7 34.7 31.9 35.8 Gross profit 67.3 65.3 68.1 64.2 Selling, general and administrative expense 58.4 57.8 60.6 59.9 Research and development expense 2.7 2.5 2.5 2.7 Restructuring costs 0.2 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 0.3 (0.1) 0.3 0.1 Depreciation and amortization 1.5 1.9 1.4 1.8 Impairment of assets 1.5 8.1 20.9 Loss on disposal of a business 1.2 0.6 Operating income (loss) 2.9 2.0 (4.8 (22.0 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net loss from continuing operations (5,421) (8,791) (43,515) (113,540) Interest expense, net 9,532 10,115 29,795 30,396 Income tax expense (benefit), net 589 600 (5,843) 835 Depreciation and amortization (a) 
 12,275 13,827 37,150 44,900 Acquisition and related costs (b) 
 483 1,424 994 4,047 Shareholder litigation costs (c) 
 50 13,720 Restructuring and succession charges (d) 
 54 (26) 67 911 Equity compensation (e) 
 2,064 1,833 8,327 947 Financial restructuring costs (f) 
 4 478 351 7,065 Impairment of assets (g) 
 2,031 33,901 78,615 Loss on disposal of a business (h) 
 340 1,317 Other items (i) 
 1,896 1,935 5,685 11,351 Adjusted EBITDA 23,557 21,735 80,632 66,844 
 (a) Includes for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, depreciation and amortization of 10.2 million, 11.5 million, 31.3 million and 38.1 million in cost of sales and 2.1 million, 2.3 million, 5.9 million and 6.8 million in operating expenses presented in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (b) Includes acquisition and integration costs related to completed acquisitions and changes in fair value of contingent consideration. 
 (c) Costs incurred as a result of certain shareholder litigation unrelated to our ongoing operations. 
 (d) Costs incurred were the result of adopting restructuring plans to reduce headcount, reorganize management structure, and consolidate certain facilities. 
 (e) Includes compensation expense resulting from awards granted under our equity-based compensation plans. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes the reversal of equity compensation expenses totaling 3.8 million related to the transition of our executive leadership. 
 (f) Financial restructuring costs include advisory fees and debt amendment related costs. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 (g) Represents a non-cash impairment charge for intangible assets solely attributable to our Advanced Rehabilitation Business in 2024 due to our decision to divest the business. Activity in 2023 relates to the non-cash impairment charge attributable to our divested Wound Business. 
 (h) Represents the loss on disposal of the Wound Business. 
 (i) Other items primarily includes charges associated with strategic transactions, including potential acquisitions or divestitures and a transformative project to redesign systems and information processing. Divestiture costs related to our Advanced Rehabilitation Business, including transactional fees, totaled 1.6 million and 3.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. Strategic transactions and transformative project expenses amounted to 0.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Strategic transactions and divestiture expenses totaled 0.7 million and 4.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Transformative project costs incurred amounted to 1.0 million and 3.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We incurred 1.2 million in costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to MOTYS. Other items for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also includes severance costs totaling 2.3 million related to the transition of our executive leadership. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Adjusted EBITDA 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, because we believe it is a useful indicator that management uses as a measure of operating performance as well as for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and financial projections. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to our investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to ours. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss from continuing operations before depreciation and amortization, provision of income taxes and interest expense, net, adjusted for the impact of certain cash, non-cash and other items that we do not consider in our evaluation of ongoing operating performance. These items include acquisition and related costs, certain shareholder litigation costs, impairments of assets, restructuring and succession charges, equity compensation expense, financial restructuring costs and other items. Adjusted EBITDA by segment is comprised of net sales and costs directly attributable to a segment, as well as an allocation of corporate overhead costs primarily based on a ratio of net sales by segment to total consolidated net sales. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These measures might exclude certain normal recurring expenses. Therefore, these measures might not provide a complete understanding of the Company's performance and should be reviewed in conjunction with the U.S. GAAP financial measures. Additionally, other companies might define their non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of the non-GAAP measure provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including all tables referencing Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. 
 Net Sales 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. Pain Treatments 56,306 48,416 7,890 16.3 Restorative Therapies 25,448 23,105 2,343 10.1 Surgical Solutions 41,155 34,706 6,449 18.6 Total U.S. net sales 122,909 106,227 16,682 15.7 International Pain Treatments 6,821 5,274 1,547 29.3 Restorative Therapies 4,489 5,223 (734) (14.1 Surgical Solutions 4,745 4,070 675 16.6 Total International net sales 16,055 14,567 1,488 10.2 Total net sales 138,964 120,794 18,170 15.0 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. 
 Net sales increased 16.7 million, or 15.7 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Changes by business were: (i) Pain Treatments 7.9 million increase due to volume growth primarily driven by Durolane; (ii) Restorative Therapies 2.3 million increase primarily due to volume growth related to our Exogen Bone Stimulation System; and (iii) Surgical Solutions 6.4 million increase due to volume growth. 
 International 
 Net sales increased compared with the prior year comparable period. The net sales in Pain Treatments increased 1.5 million due to volume growth, partially offset by a decrease of 0.7 million in Restorative Therapies. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. Pain Treatments 172,137 145,028 27,109 18.7 Restorative Therapies 78,187 83,893 (5,706) (6.8 Surgical Solutions 121,275 102,131 19,144 18.7 Total U.S. net sales 371,599 331,052 40,547 12.2 International Pain Treatments 19,939 16,629 3,310 19.9 Restorative Therapies 13,844 15,462 (1,618) (10.5 Surgical Solutions 14,256 13,779 477 3.5 Total International net sales 48,039 45,870 2,169 4.7 Total net sales 419,638 376,922 42,716 11.3 
 
 U.S. 
 Net sales increased 40.5 million, or 12.2 , compared to the prior year period. Changes by business were: (i) Pain Treatments 27.1 million increase due to volume growth primarily driven by Durolane; (ii) Restorative Therapies 5.7 million decrease due to the divestiture of our Wound Business and larger volumes in 2023 related to our Vector rehabilitation product, partially offset by larger volumes and higher average selling price related to our Exogen Bone Stimulation System in 2024; and (iii) Surgical Solutions 19.1 million increase due to volume growth. 
 International 
 Net sales increased compared with the prior year comparable period. The net sales in Pain Treatments increased 3.3 million due to volume growth, partially offset by a decrease of 1.6 million in Restorative Therapies. 
 Gross profit and gross margin 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. 83,781 70,044 13,737 19.6 International 9,770 8,806 964 10.9 Total 93,551 78,850 14,701 18.6 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change U.S. 68.2 65.9 2.3 International 60.9 60.5 0.4 Total 67.3 65.3 2.0 
 U.S. 
 Gross profit increased 13.7 million, or 19.6 , primarily due to volume growth in Pain Treatments, Surgical Solutions and our Exogen Bone Stimulation System. Gross margin increased due to product mix. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 International 
 Gross profit increased 1.0 million, or 10.9 , primarily due to growth in Pain Treatments and gross margin slightly increased due to product mix, partially offset with a decline in Restorative Therapies. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. 257,382 215,099 42,283 19.7 International 28,188 26,793 1,395 5.2 Total 285,570 241,892 43,678 18.1 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change U.S. 69.3 65.0 4.3 International 58.7 58.4 0.3 Total 68.1 64.2 3.9 
 U.S. 
 Gross profit increased 42.3 million, or 19.7 , primarily due to volume growth in Pain Treatments, Surgical Solutions and our Exogen Bone Stimulation System, partially offset by the Wound Business divestiture. Gross margin increased due to product mix. 
 International 
 Gross profit increased 1.4 million, or 5.2 , primarily due to volume growth in Pain Treatments, partially offset with a volume decrease for Restorative Therapies. Gross margin slightly increased due to product mix. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Selling, general and administrative expense 81,090 69,820 11,270 16.1 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11.3 million, or 16.1 , primarily due to increases in (i) compensation related costs of 7.1 million; (ii) bad debt expenses of 1.3 million due to a reversal of bad debt expense in the prior year related to favorable collection activity that did not recur in the current year; (iii) employee related insurance costs of 0.8 million; (iv) accounting and legal costs of 0.6 million; and (v) equity-based compensation of 0.4 million. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Selling, general and administrative expense 254,281 225,522 28,759 12.8 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 28.8 million, or 12.8 , due to increases in: (i) compensation-related costs of 14.2 million; (ii) accounting and legal costs of 11.4 million, primarily related to the settlement of shareholder litigation; and (iii) equity-based compensation of 7.9 million. These increases were partially offset with a decline in consulting expenses of 9.1 million. 
 Research and development expense 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Research and development expense 3,808 3,015 793 26.3 
 Research and development increased by 0.8 million, or 26.3 , primarily due to an increase in consulting costs. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Research and development expense 10,393 10,184 209 2.1 
 Research and development expense remained consistent with the prior year comparable period. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring costs 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Restructuring costs (26) 26 (100.0 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Restructuring costs 911 (911) (100.0 
 Restructuring activity related to our previously announced restructuring plans were completed in 2023. Costs incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are primarily the result of an initiative to align the Company s organizational and management cost structure to improve profitability and cash flow through headcount reduction and cutting third-party related costs. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (NM = Not Meaningful) 
 483 (98) 581 NM 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 1,078 429 649 151.3 
 Activity relating to the change in fair value of contingent consideration for both periods relates to contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of Bioness in March 2021. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Depreciation and amortization 2,065 2,317 (252) (10.9 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period. The decline is the result of the discontinuance of amortization and depreciation on Advanced Rehabilitation Business intangible and fixed assets that are classified as held for sale. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Depreciation and amortization 5,884 6,740 (856) (12.7 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period. The decrease was primarily the result of the impairment of intellectual property intangible assets associated with the Wound Business, which was divested during the second quarter of 2023 and the discontinuance of amortization and depreciation on Advanced Rehabilitation Business intangible and fixed assets that are classified as held for sale. 
 Impairment of assets 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Impairment of assets 2,031 2,031 NM 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Impairment of assets 33,901 78,615 (44,714) (56.9 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our decision to enter into an agreement to divest the Advanced Rehabilitation Business in 2024 and the divestiture the Wound Business in 2023 required us to evaluate whether certain of their assets were impaired. We recorded a 2.0 million and 33.9 million non-cash impairment charge as a result of the evaluation of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. The 78.6 million non-cash impairment charge during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to our Wound Business. Impairments for both transactions resulted from their respective evaluations to reduce intangible assets to their fair values less costs to sell. The fair value of intangibles for the Advanced Rehabilitation and Wound Businesses were determined based on the consideration offered. 
 Loss on disposals 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Loss on disposals 1,404 (1,404) (100.0 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Loss on disposals 2,381 (2,381) (100.0 
 Loss on disposals during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted from 1.3 million in working capital adjustments associated with the sale of our Wound Business and a 1.1 million loss on fixed assets due to the integration of acquisitions. 
 Other (income) expense 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net 9,532 10,115 (583) (5.8 Other (income) expense (626) 494 (1,120) (226.7 
 Interest expense, net decreased slightly during the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period primarily due to less debt outstanding. Other (income) expense changed due to fluctuations in foreign currency. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest expense, net 29,795 30,396 (601) (2.0 Other income (404) (581) 177 (30.5 
 Interest expense, net decreased slightly during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period primarily due to less debt outstanding. Activity for other (income) expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 changed 0.2 million due to the 2023 receipt of 1.5 million from the settlement of a legal claim, partially offset with changes in foreign currency. 
 Income tax expense (benefit), net 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income tax expense, net 589 600 (11) (1.8 Effective tax rate 
 12.2 7.3 4.9 
 The change in rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period was primarily due to losses in certain entities. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Income tax (benefit) expense, net (5,843) 835 (6,678) NM Effective tax rate 11.8 0.7 11.1 
 The rate change for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to the prior year comparable period was due to the recognition of deferred tax benefits resulting from the impairments recorded. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Noncontrolling interest 
 Subsequent to the IPO and related transactions, we are the sole managing member of BV LLC in which we owned 80.5 and 80.0 at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We have a majority economic interest and the sole voting interest in, and control the management of BV LLC. As a result, we consolidate the financial results of BV LLC and report a noncontrolling interest representing the 19.5 that is owned by the Continuing LLC Owner. Noncontrolling interest activity during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 was the result of losses recorded. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Three Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. 19,662 18,949 713 3.8 International 3,895 2,786 1,109 39.8 
 U.S. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 0.7 million, or 3.8 , primarily due to higher gross profit, partially offset with an increase in compensation costs and other administrative expenses. 
 International 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 1.1 million or 39.8 , due to higher gross profits. 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 U.S. 71,008 58,373 12,635 21.6 International 9,624 8,471 1,153 13.6 
 U.S. 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 12.6 million, or 21.6 , primarily due higher gross profit, partially offset with an increase in compensation costs and other administrative expenses. 
 International 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 1.2 million or 13.6 due to higher gross profit. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of liquidity 
 Our principal liquidity needs have historically been for acquisitions, working capital, research and development, clinical trials, and capital expenditures. We expect these needs to continue as we carry out our operations, develop and commercialize our existing product candidates and any new product candidates and possibly further our expansion into international markets. 
 On September 30, 2024, we entered into a Purchase Agreement with a third-party purchaser to sell our Advanced Rehabilitation Business. The Advanced Rehabilitation Business is considered non-core and requires additional research and development expenditures to achieve its next stage of growth. The consideration for the transaction includes 25.0 million payable to the purchaser at closing, subject to a post-closing adjustment for net working capital, indebtedness, transaction expenses and cash, and up to an aggregate of 20.0 million in potential Earn-out Payments. The divestiture of the Advanced Rehabilitation Business is expected to close near the end of 2024 or early 2025 and is expected to simplify our business structure and improve liquidity, as the proceeds, net of transactional fees, are required to be used to reduce long-term debt obligations. 
 As previously discussed, on May 22, 2023, we closed the sale of our Wound Business for consideration of 84.7 million, including 34.7 million at closing, 5.0 million deferred for 18 months and up to 45.0 million in potential earn-out payments. The proceeds were used to prepay 30.0 million of long-term debt principal obligations during the second quarter of 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We anticipate that to the extent that we require additional liquidity, we will obtain funding through additional equity financings or the incurrence of other indebtedness or a combination of these potential sources of liquidity. We may explore additional divestiture opportunities for non-core assets to improve our liquidity position, as we did with the Wound Business and our Advanced Rehabilitation Business. In addition, we may raise additional funds to finance future cash needs through receivables or royalty financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or convertible debt, our stockholders will experience dilution. The covenants under the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement limit our ability to obtain additional debt financing. Debt financing, if allowed under the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement and if available, would result in increased payment obligations and might involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, or making capital expenditures. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third-parties, it might be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our products, future revenue streams or product candidates, or to grant licenses on terms that might not be favorable to us. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 Any failure to raise capital in the future might have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategies. Considering recent market conditions and our business assumptions, we have reevaluated our operating cash flows and cash requirements and believe that current cash, cash equivalents, future cash flows from operating activities and cash available under our 2019 Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs, including working capital needs, capital expenditures and contractual obligations for at least 12 months from the issuance date of the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements included herein. 
 Cash Requirements 
 There have been no material changes to our future cash requirements as disclosed in Part II. Item 7 of our 2023 10-K. 
 We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with various third parties for development, collaboration and other services for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination upon notice. Payments due upon cancellation generally consist only of payments for services provided or expenses incurred, including non-cancellable obligations of our service providers, up to the date of cancellation. Certain agreements include contingent events that upon occurrence would require payment. For information regarding commitments and contingencies, refer to Item 1. Financial Information Notes to the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements Note 11. Commitments and contingencies . 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The BV LLC Agreement provides for the payment of certain distributions to the Continuing LLC Owner in amounts sufficient to cover the income taxes imposed with respect to the allocation of taxable income from BV LLC as well as obligations within the tax receivable agreement TRA with the Continuing LLC Owner. Under the TRA, we are required to make cash payments to the Continuing LLC Owner equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize (or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize), as a result of (1) increases in the tax basis of assets of BV LLC resulting from (a) any future redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests, and (b) certain distributions (or deemed distributions) by BV LLC and (2) certain other tax benefits arising from payments under the TRA. We expect the amount of the cash payments required to be made under the TRA will be significant. The actual amount and timing of any payments under the TRA will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of redemptions or exchanges by the Continuing LLC Owner, the amount of gain recognized by the Continuing LLC Owner, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future, and the federal tax rates then applicable. Any payments made by us to the Continuing LLC Owner under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the TRA and therefore accelerate payments due under the TRA. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Indebtedness 
 On January 18, 2024 (the Closing Date ), the Company entered into the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement. The Amended 2019 Credit Agreement, contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including those related to financial reporting and notification, restrictions on the declaration or payment of certain distributions on or in respect of our equity interests, restrictions on acquisitions, investments and certain other payments, limitations on the incurrence of new indebtedness, limitations on transfers, sales and other dispositions of our assets, as well as limitations on making changes to the business and organizational documents. Financial covenant requirements include a maximum debt leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. In addition, during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending upon the satisfaction of certain conditions occurring not prior to the delivery of our financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending October 29, 2025, we will be subject to certain additional requirements and covenants, including a requirement to maintain Liquidity (as defined in the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement) of not less than 10.0 million as of the end of each calendar month during such period. The Term Loan Facilities will mature on October 29, 2026. The Revolver will mature on October 29, 2025. We were in compliance with the financial covenants as stated with the Amended 2019 Credit Agreement as of September 28, 2024 . 
 We have an outstanding Revolver balance of 15.0 million as of September 28, 2024 , which was borrowed and used for working capital needs. 
 Refer to Item 1. Financial Information Notes unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements Note 1. Organization for further details on the Company s covenant compliance and Note 4. Financial instruments for further details on the Company s indebtedness. 
 Other 
 For information regarding Commitments and Contingencies, refer to Item 1. Financial Information Notes to the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements Note 11. Commitments and contingencies and Note 3. Acquisitions and divestitures of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 Information regarding cash flows 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 28, 2024 totaled 43.1 million, compared to 37.0 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in cash was primarily due to the following: 
 Nine Months Ended Change (in thousands, except for percentage) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from continuing operations: Net cash from operating activities 19,473 7,139 12,334 172.8 Net cash from investing activities (1,141) 27,904 (29,045) (104.1 Net cash from financing activities (11,725) (26,639) 14,914 (56.0 Net cash from discontinued operations (13,675) 13,675 (100.0 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (497) 261 (758) NM Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 6,110 (5,010) 11,120 (222.0 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash from operating activities from continuing operations increased 12.3 million, due to cash collections from the growth in sales and timing of working capital payments. These operating inflows were partially offset with: (i) increases in employee compensation due to higher bonus payments in 2024 compared to prior year; (ii) an increase in inventory purchases; and (iii) a rise in interest payments. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash from investing activities from continuing operations decreased 29.0 million, due to the 34.9 million receipt of cash resulting from the sale of our Wound Business in 2023 and a 0.7 million purchase of distribution rights for one of our HA products in 2024. These were partially offset with a 6.6 million decrease in capital expenditures, primarily within information technology. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows from financing activities changed 14.9 million, primarily due to 29.4 million less in principal and deferred financing payments during 2024, partially offset with 15.0 million in net borrowings on our Revolver during 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Discontinued Operations 
 Net cash flows from discontinued operations in 2023 were primarily the result of 10.2 million in fees used to settle the CartiHeal disposition and 1.4 million in cash held by the CartiHeal entity at the time of disposal. 
 
 Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations as disclosed in our 2023 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion of operating results is based upon the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Changes in the facts or circumstances underlying these estimates could result in material changes and actual results could differ from these estimates. In the event we dispose of assets before the end of their previously stated useful life, we may incur an impairment charge. Our critical accounting estimates are detailed in Item 7 of our 2023 10-K and we have no material changes to such disclosures. 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 The Company is an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS ACT ). An emerging growth company can delay its adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company has chosen to opt out of such extended transition periods, and as a result, the Company plans to comply with any new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which non-emerging growth companies must adopt such standards. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that the decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 The Company is also considered a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), which was determined as of the last day of the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2023. The Company will continue to be categorized as a smaller reporting company-accelerated filer until the Company s public float reaches a certain threshold. The Company may rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 There have been no material changes to our market risks as disclosed in our 2023 10-K . 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of September 28, 2024 (the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). Based upon that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 28, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except for changes to inventory and procure to pay controls resulting from the final phase of ERP conversion related to our acquisition of Misonix, Inc. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 Bioventus shareholder litigation 
 On January 12, 2023, the Company and certain of its current and former directors and officers were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the Middle District of North Carolina (the Court ), Ciarciello v. Bioventus, Inc., No. 1:23 CV 00032-CCE-JEP (M.D.N.C. 2023). The complaint asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act and generally alleges that the Company failed to disclose certain information regarding rebate practices, its business and financial prospects, and the sufficiency of internal controls regarding financial reporting. The complaint seeks damages in an unspecified amount. On April 12, 2023, the Court appointed Wayne County Employees Retirement System as lead plaintiff. The plaintiff s amended consolidated complaint was filed with the Court on June 12, 2023. On July 17, 2023, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint raising a number of legal and factual deficiencies with the amended consolidated complaint. In response to the defendants motion to dismiss, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint on July 31, 2023. The defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint on August 21, 2023, which the Court granted in part and denied in part on November 6, 2023. The Court dismissed the plaintiff s Securities Act claims, but allowed the plaintiff s Exchange Act claims to proceed into discovery. 
 On July 15, 2024, a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the Settlement Agreement by and between the lead plaintiff and the defendants was filed with the Court. The Court preliminarily approved the Settlement Agreement on August 13, 2024, and a final hearing to approve the Settlement Agreement is scheduled for December 13, 2024. The Settlement Agreement, which is subject to Court approval, provides among other things for (i) the dismissal of all claims against the defendants, including the Company; (ii) a settlement amount of 15.3 million, together with interest earned thereon, to be paid by the defendants and/or the defendant s insurers within 30 days after the later of (x) the date of entry by the Court of an order preliminarily approving the terms of the settlement or (y) receipt by the defendants from lead counsel of the information necessary to effectuate a transfer of the settlement funds; and (iii) no admission of liability or wrongdoing by any party. The Company incurred 0.05 million and 13.7 million of net shareholder litigation costs (including estimated settlement and reimbursement) during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 under the Settlement Agreement, which were recorded in selling, general and administrative expense within the consolidated condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company expects to be reimbursed approximately 6.5 million of the fees incurred to date, which was recorded in other current assets within the September 28, 2024 consolidated condensed balance sheets. 
 On October 4, 2023, certain of the Company s current and former directors and officers were named as defendants in a derivative shareholder lawsuit (in which the Company is a nominal defendant) filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Grogan, on behalf of Bioventus Inc., v. Reali, et.al., No. 1:23-CV-01099-RGA (D. Del. 2023). The complaint asserts violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, breaches of fiduciary duties and related state law claims, and a claim for contribution, and generally alleges the same purported misconduct as alleged in the Ciarciello case. On January 12, 2024, the Court agreed to stay this case pending resolution of the Ciarciello case. The Company may incur further legal costs until settlement is ultimately approved and executed by the Court. 
 On February 9, 2024, another plaintiff filed a derivative shareholder lawsuit against certain of the Company s current and former directors and officers (in which the Company is a nominal defendant) filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Sanderson, on behalf of Bioventus Inc., v. Reali, et.al., No. 1:24-cv-00180-RGA (D. Del. 2024). Like the Grogan case, this case asserts violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, breaches of fiduciary duties and related state law claims, and a claim for contribution, and generally alleges the same purported misconduct as alleged in the Ciarciello case. On May 1, 2024, the parties filed a stipulation to consolidate the two derivative matters and stay them on terms similar to those entered in the Grogan case. On May 2, 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware granted the stipulation and ordered the consolidation of the Sanderson and Grogan cases. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 On July 31, 2024, another plaintiff filed a derivative complaint (the Vince Complaint against certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors, naming Bioventus as a nominal defendant only, in the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina, captioned Vince v. Reali , No. 1:24-cv-006390CCEJEP (M.D.N.C. 2024). The Vince Complaint asserts violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act similar to those alleged in the Ciarciello case, in addition to claims for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, contribution, and waste. Defendants intend to move to transfer the Vince Complaint to the District of Delaware, pursuant to the forum selection clause in Bioventus s certificate of incorporation. The parties are in discussions to consolidate the above derivative matters, once they are all pending in the same district. 
 The Company believes the claims alleged in the above derivative matters lack merit and intends to defend itself vigorously. The outcomes of these matters are not presently determinable, and any loss is neither probable nor reasonably estimable. 
 Bioness stockholder litigation 
 On February 8, 2022, a minority shareholder of Bioness filed an action in the Delaware State Court of Chancery in connection with the Company s acquisition of Bioness, Teuza, a Fairchild Technology Venture Ltd. v. Lindon, et. al., No. 2022-0130 -SG. This action names the former Bioness directors, the Alfred E. Mann Trust Trust ), which was the former majority shareholder of Bioness, the trustees of the Trust and Bioventus as defendants. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the individual directors, the Trust, and the trustees breached their fiduciary duty to the plaintiff in connection with their consideration and approval of the Company s transaction. The complaint also alleges that the Company aided and abetted the other defendants in breaching their fiduciary duties to the plaintiff and that the Company breached the Merger Agreement by failing to pay the plaintiff its pro rata share of the merger consideration. The Company believes that it is indemnified under the indemnification provisions contained in the Bioness Merger Agreement for these claims. On July 20, 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss all claims made against it on various grounds, as did all the other named defendants in the suit. A hearing on Bioness and other the defendant s motions was held before the Court of Chancery on January 19, 2023. On April 27, 2023, the Court issued an order which, among other things, dismissed Bioventus from the case. 
 Please refer to Item 1. Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements Note 11. Commitments and contingencies of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information pertaining to legal proceedings. In addition, we are party to legal proceedings incidental to our business. While our management currently believes the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. Were an unfavorable ruling to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Risk Factors included in our 2023 10-K, which could materially affect our businesses, financial condition, or future results. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Except for such additional information and the risk factor set forth below, we believe there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those described in our 2023 Form 10-K: 
 The issuance of the Class A common stock issuable upon the exchange of common membership interests in Bioventus will dilute the ownership interests of our Class A common stockholders and the resale of such shares could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fall. 
 As provided in the amended and restated limited liability agreement of Bioventus LLC BV LLC ), the holders (the Selling Securityholders of common membership interests in BV LLC (the LLC Interests may, from time to time, exchange their LLC Interests for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. On October 25, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 Form S-3 to in part register for resale 35,038,052 shares of our Class A common stock held by the Selling Securityholders, of which 15,786,737 shares are issuable upon the exchange of their outstanding LLC Interests. The issuance of shares of our Class A common stock upon the exchange of LLC Interests would significantly dilute the ownership interest of our Class A common stockholders and the resale of such shares by the Selling Securityholders pursuant to the Form S-3 once declared effective, or the perception in the market that the Selling Securityholders intend to sell such shares, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) None. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 , our ), ), ) and ) each an instruction for the sale of shares of Company Class A common stock to cover withholding taxes that may become due upon the vesting of any restricted stock units that are granted to such officers after December 2, 2024 pursuant to a Company equity plan. The aforementioned instructions are designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date ` Filed / Furnished Herewith 2.1+ 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 30, 2024, by and among Bioventus LLC, Bioness Inc., Bioventus Coopertief, U.A. and Rehab Acquisition Corporation III 
 8-K 001-37844 2.1 10/4/2024 31.1 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 + The annexes and exhibits to the Purchase and Sale Agreement were omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any annex or exhibit omitted from the Purchase and Sale Agreement to the SEC upon request. 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Submitted electronically herewith 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized. 
 BIOVENTUS INC. November 5, 2024 /s/ Mark L. Singleton Date Mark L. Singleton Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert E. Claypoole certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bioventus Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Robert E. Claypoole Name Robert E. Claypoole Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark L. Singleton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bioventus Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Mark L. Singleton Name Mark L. Singleton Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit32-q32024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Bioventus Inc. (the Company) for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), each of Robert E. Claypoole, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Mark L. Singleton, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Robert E. Claypoole Name Robert E. Claypoole Title President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Mark L. Singleton Name Mark L. Singleton Title Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 5, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bvs-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bvs-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bvs-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bvs-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bvs-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

