<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_703604_0000703604-24-000093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10528602</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1558989</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4518329</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2154020</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1910605</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000703604-24-000093.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031075247
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000703604-24-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Distribution Solutions Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000703604
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				362229304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10546
		FILM NUMBER:		241412488

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 611-9888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LAWSON PRODUCTS INC/NEW/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000703604-24-000093.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 dsgr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

dsgr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, shares of common stock, 1.00 par value, were outstanding. 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page # PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 20 23 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 20 23 (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 11 
 Item 2 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure s About Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 4 . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 50 
 Item 2 . 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 51 
 Item 6 . 
 Exhibits 
 52 
 SIGNATURES 
 53 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and uncertainties. Terms such as aim, anticipate, believe, contemplates, continues, could, ensure, estimate, expect, forecasts, if, intend, likely, may, might, objective, outlook, plan, positioned, potential, predict, probable, project, shall, should, strategy, will, would, and variations of them and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression (and the negatives of such words and terms) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. These statements are based on management s current expectations, intentions or beliefs as of the date they are made and are subject to a number of factors, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences or that might otherwise impact our business, financial condition and results of operations include: 
 
 inventory obsolescence; 
 work stoppages and other disruptions at transportation centers or shipping ports; 
 the reliance of TestEquity Acquisition, LLC TestEquity on a significant supplier for a significant amount of its product inventory; 
 changes in our customers, product mix and pricing strategy; 
 disruptions of our information and communication systems; 
 cyber-attacks, other information security incidents or IT system outages; 
 the inability to successfully recruit, integrate and retain productive sales representatives; 
 difficulties in integrating the business operations of TestEquity and 301 HW Opus Holdings, Inc., which conducts business as Gexpro Services Gexpro Services ), with our legacy Lawson Products operations, and/or the failure to successfully combine those operations within our expected timetable; 
 failure to retain talented employees, managers and executives; 
 the inability of management to successfully implement changes in operating processes; 
 various risks involved in any pursuit or completion by us of additional acquisitions; 
 competition in the markets in which we operate; 
 potential impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 changes that affect governmental and other tax-supported entities; 
 failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 
 our significant amount of indebtedness; 
 failure to adequately fund our operating and working capital needs through cash generated from operations and borrowings available under our credit facility; 
 failure to meet the covenant requirements of our credit facility or an increase in interest rates under our credit facility; 
 government efforts to combat inflation, along with other interest rate pressures, could lead to higher financing costs; 
 declines in the market price of our common stock (the DSG common stock 
 the significant influence of Luther King Capital Management Corporation LKCM over the Company in light of its ownership percentage; 
 any sales of shares of DSG common stock held by entities affiliated with LKCM or the possibility of any such sales; 
 violations of environmental protection regulations; 
 changes in tax matters; 
 risks arising from our international operations; 
 potential limitations on our ability to use our net operating losses and certain other tax attributes generated prior to the April 1, 2022 merger transactions (the Mergers in which TestEquity and Gexpro Services merged with and into subsidiaries of DSG, with TestEquity and Gexpro Services surviving as wholly-owned subsidiaries of DSG, and in connection with which DSG issued shares of DSG common stock to the former equityholders of TestEquity and Gexpro Services in exchange for their equity interests in TestEquity and Gexpro Services; 
 public health emergencies; 
 business uncertainties as a result of the Mergers; 
 stockholder litigation relating to the Mergers; 
 a downturn in the economy or in certain sectors of the economy; 
 changes in energy costs, tariffs, transportation costs and the cost of raw materials used in our products, and other inflationary pressures; 
 supply chain constraints, inflationary pressure and labor shortages; 
 foreign currency exchange rate changes; and 
 the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable law. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, less allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Rental equipment, net Goodwill Deferred tax asset, net Intangible assets, net Cash value of life insurance Right of use operating lease assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion, net Lease liabilities Deferred tax liability, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 par value: 
 Authorized - shares, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized - shares 
 Issued - and shares, respectively 
 Outstanding - and shares, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained deficit ) ) Treasury stock and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income (loss) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of earnout liabilities ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic income (loss) per share of common stock (1) 
 ) Diluted income (loss) per share of common stock (1) 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 -for-one stock split completed in August 2023. See Note 1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation for details. 

See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity 
 Outstanding Shares Par Value 
 Retained Deficit Treasury Stock Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation liability paid in shares Shares issued ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock-based compensation Shares issued Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock (1) 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity 
 Outstanding Shares Par Value 
 Retained Deficit Treasury Stock Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation liability paid in shares Shares issued ) Shares issued - earnout ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock in rights offering, net of offering costs of 
 Shares issued ) Tax withholdings related to net share settlements of stock-based compensation awards ) ) ) ) Other ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued ) Shares issued through employee share purchases Compensation expense related to employee share purchases Other Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 -for-one stock split completed in August 2023. See Note 1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation for details . 

See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Compensation expense related to employee share purchases Deferred income taxes ) Change in fair value of earnout liabilities ) (Gain) loss on sale of rental equipment ) ) (Gain) loss on sale of property, plant and equipment ) Charge for step-up of acquired inventory Net realizable value adjustment and write-offs for obsolete and excess inventory Bad debt expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Other changes in operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of rental equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of rental equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from revolving lines of credit Payments on revolving lines of credit ) ) Proceeds from term loans Payments on term loans ) ) Deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from rights offering, net of offering costs of 
 Repurchase of common stock ) Shares repurchased held in treasury ) ) Proceeds from employees for share purchases Payment of financing lease principal ) ) Payment of earnout ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Net cash paid for income taxes Net cash paid for interest Net cash paid for interest on supply chain financing Non-cash activities: Additions of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable Right of use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

See notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

reportable segments: Lawson, TestEquity and Gexpro Services. The Company also had an All Other category which included unallocated DSG holding company costs that were not directly attributable to the ongoing operating activities of our reportable segments and included the results of the Bolt Supply House Bolt non-reportable segment. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, the Company has reporting segments: Lawson, TestEquity, Gexpro Services and Canada Branch Division. Canada Branch Division includes the results of Bolt and Source Atlantic Limited (which we acquired during the third quarter of 2024 as described below). No changes were made to the Lawson, TestEquity and Gexpro Services reportable segments. The All Other category now includes only unallocated DSG holding company costs that are not directly attributable to the ongoing operating activities of our reportable segments. 
 
 The segment realignment had no impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Prior period segment results have been recast to reflect our new reportable segments. Additional information regarding DSG s reportable segments is presented in Note 16 Segment Information. 
 
 Nature of Operations 
 
 A summary of the nature of operations for our reportable segments is presented below . 
 
 Lawson is a distributor of specialty products and services to the industrial, commercial, institutional and governmental MRO marketplace. Lawson primarily distributes MRO products to its customers through a network of sales representatives and an inside sales channel throughout the United States and Canada. 
 
 TestEquity is a distributor of test and measurement equipment and solutions, industrial and electronic production supplies, vendor managed inventory programs, and converting, fabrication and adhesive solutions from its leading manufacturer partners supporting the aerospace and defense, wireless and communication, semiconductors, industrial electronics and automotive, and electronics manufacturing industries. 
 
 Gexpro Services is a global supply chain solutions provider, specializing in the development of mission critical production line management, aftermarket and field installation programs. 
 
 Canada Branch Division combines the operations of our Bolt and Source Atlantic Limited subsidiaries, which distribute industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, and related value-add services to the Canadian MRO market primarily through the sale of products to its walk-up customers throu gh branch loc ations. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of cash acquired of million . DSG funded the Source Atlantic Transaction with borrowings under its amended and restated credit facility (discussed below). Refer to Note 3 Business Acquisitions for additional information about Source Atlantic and the Source Atlantic Transaction. 
 
 Debt Amendment 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment provided for an additional million incremental term loan and a million increase in the senior secured revolving credit facility, and permits the Company to increase the commitments under the agreement from time to time by up to million in the aggregate, subject to, among other things, receipt of additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders and pro forma compliance with certain financial covenants. Refer to Note 9 Debt for additional information about DSG s credit agreement. 

Operating results for the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 2023 Stock Split: On August 15, 2023, DSG announced that its Board of Directors approved and declared a -for-one stock split (the Stock Split ), which entitled each stockholder of record as of the close of business on August 25, 2023 to receive additional share of DSG common stock for each share of DSG common stock then-held. The additional shares were distributed after the close of trading on August 31, 2023, and shares of DSG common stock began trading at the split-adjusted basis on September 1, 2023. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the impact of the Stock Split for all periods presented herein. 
 
 Period-end Dates: The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, except for the subsidiaries in the Gexpro Services segment, operate on a calendar year-end. Gexpro Services operates on a calendar year-end for annual reporting purposes. However, quarterly financial statements for Gexpro Services are prepared on financial close dates that may differ from that of the Company. For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there was a two day difference in the period end. The consolidated financial statement impact of the two day difference arising from the different period ends for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was not material. The Company utilizes the exchange rates in effect at Gexpro Services reporting date and the appropriate weighted-average rate for its fiscal reporting period. 

12 

Table of Contents 

million, net of cash acquired of million . Source Atlantic, headquartered in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, is a wholesale distributor of industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, and related value-add services for the Canadian MRO market. Source Atlantic has branch locations across Canada with a heavy focus in Eastern Canada. Source Atlantic was acquired to expand DSG s operating footprint in the Canadian market. The results of operations of Source Atlantic are included in the Canada Branch Division. The acquisition was funded with borrowings under the Company s Amended Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 9 Debt for information about the Amended Credit Agreement . 
 
 Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Other intangible assets: Customer relationships Trade names Deferred tax liability, net of deferred tax asset ) Accounts payable ) Lease liabilities ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Goodwill Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired Cash consideration Deferred consideration (1) 
 Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired 
 (1) The Company paid million of the Source Atlantic deferred consideration during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 years and years, respectively. Goodwill generated from the Source Atlantic Transaction is deductible for tax purposes and is primarily attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies, including expanded product and service offerings and cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 S S Automotive 
 
 On May 1, 2024, DSG acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of S S Automotive Inc. S S Automotive and the S S Automotive Transaction ), with a purchase price of approximately million, net of cash acquired of million . S S Automotive is a distributor of automotive, industrial, and safety supplies primarily to the automotive dealership market based near Chicago in Woodridge, Illinois. S S Automotive was acquired to expand Lawson s services and products to the automotive end market. Accordingly, the results of operations of S S Automotive are included within the Lawson reportable segment. The acquisition was funded using DSG s cash on hand and its revolving credit facility. 
 
 Inventory ) Other current assets Property, plant and equipment ) Right of use assets Other intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Trade names ) Other assets Accounts payable ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Goodwill Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired Cash consideration Deferred consideration (1) 
 Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired 
 (1) The Company paid million of the S S Automotive deferred consideration during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Certain estimated values for the S S Automotive Transaction, including working capital and other liability adjustments, right of use assets, the valuation of intangibles and property, plant and equipment and income taxes are not yet finalized, and the preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to change as the Company completes its analysis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. Following the initial fair value measurement, the Company updated the purchase price allocation for S S Automotive primarily related to the ongoing review of the opening balance sheet and revised certain assumptions used in estimating the fair value. The adjustments resulted in a million decrease to customer relationships and trade names and a million increase to goodwill. 
 
 The customer relationships and trade names intangible assets have estimated useful lives of years and years, respectively. As a result of the S S Automotive Transaction, the Company recorded tax deductible goodwill of million 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 of the certain assets of Safety Supply Illinois LLC, conducting business as Emergent Safety Supply ESS and the ESS Transaction ), with a purchase price of million. ESS is a national distributor of safety products based near Chicago in Batavia, Illinois. ESS was acquired to expand Lawson s safety product category. Accordingly, the results of operations of ESS are included within the Lawson reportable segment. The acquisition was funded using DSG s cash on hand. 
 
 Inventory Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Other intangible assets: Customer relationships Trade names Other assets Accounts payable ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Goodwill ) Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired Cash consideration Deferred consideration (1) 
 Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired 
 (1) The Company paid million of the ESS deferred consideration during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Certain estimated values for the ESS Transaction, including the valuation of intangibles and property, plant and equipment, are not yet finalized, and the preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to change as the Company completes its analysis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. Following the initial fair value measurement, the Company updated the purchase price allocation for ESS primarily related to the ongoing review of the opening balance sheet and revised certain assumptions used in estimating the fair value. The adjustments resulted in a million increase to customer relationships and a million decrease to goodwill. 
 
 The customer relationships and trade names intangible assets have estimated useful lives of years and years, respectively. As a result of the ESS Transaction, the Company recorded tax deductible goodwill of million in 2024 that may result in a tax benefit in future periods and is primarily attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies, including expanded product and service offerings and cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 2023 Acquisition 
 
 On June 8, 2023, DSG acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of HIS Company, Inc., a Texas corporation Hisco and the Hisco Transaction ), a distributor of specialty products serving industrial technology applications, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 30, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement ). In connection with this transaction, DSG combined the operations of TestEquity and Hisco, further expanding the product and service offerings at TestEquity, as well as 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of cash acquired of million, with a potential additional earn-out payment subject to Hisco achieving certain performance targets. Refer to Note 8 Earnout Liabilities for additional information on the earn-out. Under the Purchase Agreement, DSG became obligated to pay million in cash or DSG common stock in retention bonuses to certain Hisco employees that remain employed with Hisco or its affiliates for at least twelve months after the closing of the Hisco Transaction. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid million of the retention bonuses in 2023 and million of the retention bonuses in the first nine months of 2024. The remaining balance of million will be paid in 2025. Compensation expense is recorded over the service period for the retention bonuses as a component of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Compensation expense inclusive of payroll taxes was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 DSG funded the Hisco Transaction with borrowings under its Amended Credit Agreement and proceeds raised from the Rights Offering. Refer to Note 9 Debt for information about the Amended Credit Agreement and Note 11 Stockholders Equity for details on the Rights Offering. 
 
 The Purchase Agreement allowed certain eligible Hisco employees to invest all or a portion of their respective closing payment in DSG common stock at per share, up to an aggregate value of DSG common stock issued to such eligible Hisco employees of million. During the third quarter of 2023, the Company issued shares of DSG common stock to the eligible Hisco employees and received approximately million. During the third quarter of 2023, approximately million was recorded as compensation expense for the discount between the prevailing market price of the DSG common stock on the date of purchase and the purchase price of per share as a component of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 ) Inventory ) Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Right of use assets Other intangible assets: Customer relationships ) Trade names ) Deferred tax liability, net of deferred tax asset ) ) Other assets Accounts payable ) ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Goodwill Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired ) Cash consideration Deferred consideration (2) 
 Contingent consideration ) Total purchase consideration exchanged, net of cash acquired ) 
 (1) Accounts receivable had an estimated fair value of million and a gross contractual value of million. The difference represents the Company s best estimate of the contractual cash flows that will not be collected. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million of the Hisco deferred consideration during the first half of 2024 and million during 2023. As of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, there is deferred consideration remaining. 
 
 Following the initial fair value measurement, the Company updated the purchase price allocation for Hisco primarily related to the ongoing review of the opening balance sheet and contractual working capital adjustments and revised certain assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the contingent consideration. During 2023 and 2024, the adjustments to these balances resulted in a million increase to goodwill and a million decrease to the total purchase consideration, net of cash acquired. The accounting for the Hisco Transaction was completed during the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 The customer relationships and trade names intangible assets have estimated useful lives of years and years, respectively. As a result of the Hisco Transaction, the Company recorded tax deductible goodwill of million in 2023 that may result in a tax benefit in future periods and is primarily attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies, including expanded product and service offerings and cross-selling opportunities. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
 
 Net income ) 
 
 Actual Results of Business Acquisitions 
 
 Net income ) ) 
 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Canada Europe Pacific Rim Latin America Other Intersegment revenue elimination ) ) Total revenue 
 
 See Note 16 Segment Information for disaggregation of revenue by segment. 
 
 Rental Revenue 
 
 TestEquity rents new and used electronic test and measurement equipment to customers in multiple industries. Lawso n leases parts washer machines to customers. This leased equipment is included in Rental equipment, net in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, and rental revenue is included in Revenue in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . The unearned rental revenue related to customer prepayments on equipment leases was nominal at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 

million under agreements with outside parties. During 2024, escrow accounts of million were established in conjunction with certain business acquisitions, to be released upon meeting certain working capital and other post-closing requirements as of the one-year post-acquisition dates with a balance of million at September 30, 2024 . The Company is restricted from withdrawing this balance without the prior consent of the sellers. The remaining restricted cash balance of million represents collateral for certain borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, and the Company is restricted from withdrawing this balance without the prior consent of the respective lenders. 
 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of Assets held for sale within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for a property committed for sale. This balance represents the carrying value of the property. No gain or loss has been recognized as the carrying amount was less than the anticipated fair value expected to be received upon sale. The sale is expected to be completed within the next twelve months. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Capitalized software Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Construction in progress (1) 
 Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (1) Construction in progress primarily relates to upgrades to certain of the Company s information technology systems and distribution facilities that we expect to place in service in the next 12 months. 
 
 Depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment and amortization expense for capitalized software, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment Amortization expense for capitalized software 
 
 Rental Equipment, net 
 
 Accumulated depreciation ) ) Rental equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for rental equipment, which is included in Cost of goods sold in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation expense for rental equipment 
 
 Refer to Note 4 Revenue Recognition for a discussion on the Company s activities as lessor 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Accrued and withheld taxes, other than income taxes Deferred acquisition payments and accrued earnout liabilities Accrued customer rebates Deferred revenue Accrued severance and acquisition related retention bonus Accrued stock-based compensation Accrued interest Accrued health benefits Accrued income taxes Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 
 Deferred compensation Other Total other liabilities 
 
 Acquisitions (1) 
 ) Impact of foreign exchange rates ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) Refer to Note 3 Business Acquisitions for information related to measurement period adjustments. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Other primarily consists of non-compete agreements. 
 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization expense for intangible assets 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Financing lease amortization Operating expenses Financing lease interest Interest expense Financing lease expense Sublease income (2) 
 ) ) Net lease cost 
 (1) Includes short-term lease expense, which is immaterial. 
 (2) The Company subleases of its leased properties with a remaining lease term of approximately years that terminates on June 30, 2026. Sublease income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the sublease agreement and is recorded as an offset to operating lease expense. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Total right of use financing lease assets 
 Total lease assets Total current operating lease obligation 
 Total current financing lease obligation 
 Total current lease obligation Total long-term operating lease obligation 
 Total long-term financing lease obligation 
 Total long-term lease obligation 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 years years years years Weighted average interest rate 

The cash outflows of leasing activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Cash Flow Source Classification 2024 2023 Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating activities ) ) Operating cash flows from financing leases Operating activities ) ) Financing cash flows from financing leases Financing activities ) ) 
 
 Refer to Note 4 Revenue Recognition f or a discussion on the Company s activities as lessor. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million, subject to Hisco achieving certain performance targets. The earn-out payment was to be calculated based on the gross profit of Hisco and its affiliates for the twelve months ended October 31, 2023, subject to certain adjustments and exclusions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The fair value of the contingent consideration arrangement was classified as a Level 3 instrument and was determined using a probability-based scenario analysis approach. As of June 8, 2023 (the Hisco Transaction date) and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the earn-out was million and , respectively, with amounts recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the performance targets were not achieved, no earn-out payment was made. 
 
 Frontier Acquisition 
 
 On March 31, 2022, Gexpro Services acquired Frontier Technologies Brewton, LLC and Frontier Engineering and Manufacturing Technologies, Inc. ("Frontier"). The consideration for the Frontier acquisition includes a potential earn-out payment of up to million based upon the achievement of certain milestones and relative thresholds during the earn-out measurement period, which ends on December 31, 2024, with payments made annually beginning in 2023 and ending in 2025. During the first quarter of 2023, a million earn-out payment was made based on the achievement of certain milestones in 2022. The fair value of the contingent consideration arrangement was classified as a Level 3 instrument and was determined using a probability-based scenario analysis approach. As of March 31, 2022 (the Frontier acquisition date), December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the fair value of the earn-out was million, and million, respectively, with amounts recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Senior secured term loan Senior secured delayed draw term loan Incremental term loans Other revolving line of credit Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Less: deferred financing costs ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ), which amended the previous credit agreement dated as of April 1, 2022 (as amended by the First Amendment dated June 8, 2023, the Second Amendment dated June 13, 2024 and the Third Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company as borrowers or guarantors, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third Amendment provided for an additional million incremental term loan and an increase in the senior secured revolving credit facility from million to million. 
 
 As amended, the Amended Credit Agreement provides for (i) a million senior secured revolving credit facility, with a million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swingline loan sub-facility, (ii) a million senior secured initial term loan facility, (iii) million of incremental term loans, (iv) a million senior secured delayed draw term loan facility and (v) the Company to increase the commitments thereunder from time to time by up to million in the aggregate, subject to, among other things, the receipt of additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders and pro forma compliance with the certain financial covenants. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million each quarter. Future maturities of long-term debt are million per year payable in equal quarterly installments in 2024, 2025 and 2026, with the remaining balance of million due in 2027 upon maturity. 
 
 Net of outstanding letters of credit, there w as million of borrowi ng availability under the revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Second Amendment dated June 13, 2024 replaced a specified benchmark interest rate for certain loans under the Amended Credit Agreement, whereby effective June 28, 2024, the CDOR Rate was replaced with the CORRA Rate (each as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). The additional margin range did not change. As amended, loans under the Amended Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to (i) the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate (each as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, an additional margin ranging from to per annum, depending on the total net leverage ratio of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries as of the most recent determination date under the Amended Credit Agreement or (ii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) or the CORRA Rate, plus, in each case, an additional margin ranging from to per annum, depending on the total net leverage ratio of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries as of the most recent determination date under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company incurred deferred financing costs of million associated with the Third Amendment. Deferred financing costs of million were incurred during 2023 in connection with the First Amendment dated June 8, 2023, and deferred financing costs of million were incurred during 2022 in connection with the previous credit agreement. Deferred financing costs are amortized over the life of the debt instrument and reported as a component of Interest expense in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Amortization of deferred financing costs was million and million for the three and nine months September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, total deferred financing costs net of accumulated amortization were million of which million are included in Long-term debt, less current portion, net (related to the senior secured term loan, senior secured delayed draw term loan and incremental term loans) and million are included in Other assets (related to the senior secured revolving credit facility) in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, the obligations of the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and certain of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries and the obligations of each of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries. 
 
 Subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in and lien on substantially all assets of the Company, each other borrower and each guarantor. 
 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains various covenants, including financial maintenance covenants requiring the Company to maintain compliance with a consolidated minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total net leverage ratio, each determined in accordance with the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement. The Amended Credit Agreement contains various events of default (subject to exceptions, thresholds and grace periods as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement). Under certain circumstances, a default interest rate will apply on all obligations at a rate equal to per annum above the applicable interest rate. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of September 30, 2024. 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) . A portion of the Company s stock-based awards are liability-classified. Accordingly, changes in the market value of DSG common stock may result in stock-based compensation expense or benefit in certain periods. A stock-based compensation liability of million a s of September 30, 2024 and million as of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock awards ("RSAs") that vest over one to from the grant date with a grant date fair value of million. Upon vesting, the vested RSAs are exchanged for an equal number of shares of the Company s common stock. The participants have no voting or dividend rights with the RSAs. The RSAs are valued at the closing price of the DSG common stock on the date of grant and the expense is recorded ratably over the vesting period. 

million and resulted in the issuance of shares of DSG common stock at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds were approximately million after transaction costs of million related to the issuance of DSG common stock for the Rights Offering, which were recorded against Capital in excess of par value in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. DSG used the proceeds from the Rights Offering, in combination with borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, to fund the Hisco Transaction. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 Under an existing stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors, the Company may repurchase its common stock from time to time in open market transactio ns, privately negotiated transactions or by other methods. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company repurchased shares of DSG common stock under the repurchase program at an average cost of per share for a total cost of million. shares were repurchased during the first nine months of 2023 . T he remaining availability for stock repurchases under the program was million at September 30, 2024. 

) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Basic income (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted income per share: Net income (loss) ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Diluted income (loss) per share of common stock ) Anti-dilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted income per share 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million, a ) effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Income tax expense of million, a ) effective tax rate was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to foreign income and a change in valuation allowances related to interest expense limitation deferred tax assets. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to adjustments to uncertain tax positions, a book loss for the quarter, and other permanent items. 
 
 The Company recorded an income tax benefit of million, a effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Income tax expense of million, a effective tax rate was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to foreign income and a change in the valuation allowance related to interest expense limitation deferred tax assets. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to state taxes, foreign operations, and other permanent items, offset by the release of a reserve for an uncertain tax benefit during the quarter. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2024, the Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for the years 2020 through 2022 and income tax examinations from various other jurisdictions for the years 2017 through 2023. 

million accrued for potential monitoring costs included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Unaudited 
 26 

Table of Contents 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively, was recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), reflecting expenses incurred for these consulting services. 
 
 Significant Shareholder 
 
 LKCM, entities affiliated with LKCM and J. Bryan King (President and Chief Executive Officer of DSG and Chairman of the DSG Board of Directors), including private investment partnerships for which LKCM serves as investment manager, beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately shares of DSG common stock as of September 30, 2024 representing approximately of the outstanding shares of DSG common stock as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Leased Properties 
 
 In connection with the Company s headquarters move to Fort Worth, Texas in 2023, the Company has been utilizing office space in a building that is leased by LKCM. The Company is not charged any rent or other amounts for the use of the office space. 
 
 Board of Directors 
 
 M. Bradley Wallace, who became a director of the Company upon his election at the Company s 2023 annual stockholders meeting on May 19, 2023, is a Founding Partner of LKCM Headwater Investments, the private capital investment group of LKCM. 

reporting segments: Lawson, TestEquity, Gexpro Services and Canada Branch Division. Canada Branch Division includes the results of the Bolt and Source Atlantic subsidiaries. No changes were made to the Lawson, TestEquity and Gexpro Services reportable segments. For additional details about our segment realignment in the third quarter of 2024, see Note 1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 The segment realignment had no impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Prior period segment results have been recast to reflect our new reportable segments. A description of our reportable segments is as follows: 
 
 Lawson is a distributor of specialty products and services to the industrial, commercial, institutional and governmental MRO marketplace. Lawson primarily distributes MRO products to its customers through a network of sales representatives and an inside sales channel throughout the United States and Canada. 
 
 TestEquity is a distributor of test and measurement equipment and solutions, industrial and electronic production supplies, vendor managed inventory programs, and converting, fabrication and adhesive solutions from its leading manufacturer partners supporting the aerospace and defense, wireless and communication, semiconductors, industrial electronics and automotive, and electronics manufacturing industries. 
 
 Gexpro Services is a global supply chain solutions provider, specializing in the development of mission critical production line management, aftermarket and field installation programs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

branch loc ations across Canada. 
 
 The Company also has an All Other category which includes unallocated DSG holding company costs that are not directly attributable to the ongoing operating activities of our reportable segments. There is no revenue associated with the All Other category. 
 
 TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division Intersegment revenue elimination ) ) Total revenue Operating income (loss) Lawson TestEquity ) ) ) Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other ) ) ) ) Total operating income (loss) 
 
 Segment revenue includes revenue from sales to external customers and intersegment revenue from sales transactions between segments. The Company accounts for intersegment sales similar to third party transactions that are conducted on an arm s-length basis and reflect current market prices. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenue Revenue Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenue ) Revenue ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue from external customers Intersegment revenue Revenue 
 
 Total assets by segment were as follows: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total assets by segment Lawson TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other Total 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of DSG s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and other information included in DSG s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 References to DSG , the Company , we , our or us refer to Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. and all entities consolidated in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 DSG is a multi-platform specialty distribution company providing high touch, value-added distribution solutions to the maintenance, repair and operations MRO ), the original equipment manufacturer OEM and the industrial technologies markets. 
 
 We manage and report our operating results through four reportable segments: Lawson, TestEquity, Gexpro Services and Canada Branch Division. In connection with the Source Atlantic Limited acquisition (as described below) during the third quarter of 2024, the Company realigned its reportable segments. Prior period segment results have been recast to reflect our new reportable segments. A summary of our reportable segments is presented below. For additional details about our segments and the segment realignment in the third quarter of 2024, see Note 1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation and Note 16 Segment Information, within Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Lawson is a distributor of specialty products and services to the industrial, commercial, institutional and governmental MRO marketplace. Lawson primarily distributes MRO products to its customers through a network of sales representatives and an inside sales channel throughout the United States and Canada. 
 
 TestEquity is a distributor of test and measurement equipment and solutions, industrial and electronic production supplies, vendor managed inventory programs, and converting, fabrication and adhesive solutions from its leading manufacturer partners supporting the aerospace and defense, wireless and communication, semiconductors, industrial electronics and automotive, and electronics manufacturing industries. 
 
 Gexpro Services is a global supply chain solutions provider, specializing in the development of mission critical production line management, aftermarket and field installation programs. 
 
 Canada Branch Division combines the operations of our Bolt Supply House Bolt and Source Atlantic Limited subsidiaries, which distribute industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, and related value-add services to the Canadian MRO market primarily through the sale of products to its walk-up customers throu gh 38 branch loc ations. 
 
 In addition to these four reportable segments, we have an All Other category which includes unallocated DSG holding company costs that are not directly attributable to the ongoing operating activities of our reportable segments. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 Business Acquisitions 
 
 On August 14, 2024, DSG completed the acquisition of Source Atlantic Limited Source Atlantic and the Source Atlantic Transaction ). Source Atlantic, headquartered in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, is a wholesale distributor of industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, and related value-add services for the Canadian MRO market. Source Atlantic was acquired to expand DSG s operating footprint in the Canadian market. 
 
 On May 1, 2024, DSG completed the acquisition of S S Automotive Inc. S S Automotive and the S S Automotive Transaction ). S S Automotive is a distributor of automotive, industrial, and safety supplies primarily to the automotive dealership market based near Chicago in Woodridge, Illinois. S S Automotive was acquired to expand Lawson s services and products to the automotive end market. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 On January 19, 2024, DSG acquired 100 of the certain assets of Safety Supply Illinois LLC, conducting business as Emergent Safety Supply ESS and the ESS Transaction . ESS is a national distributor of safety products based near Chicago in Batavia, Illinois. ESS was acquired to expand Lawson s safety product category. 
 
 The results of operations of Source Atlantic have been included in the Canada Branch Division reportable segment subsequent to its acquisition date. The results of operations of S S Automotive and ESS have been included in the Lawson reportable segment subsequent to their acquisition dates . Refer to Note 3 Business Acquisitions for additional information about these acquisitions. 
 
 Debt Amendment 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment provided for an additional 200 million incremental term loan and a 55 million increase in the senior secured revolving credit facility to 255 million, and permits the Company to increase the commitments under the agreement from time to time by up to 300 million in the aggregate, subject to, among other things, receipt of additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders and pro forma compliance with certain financial covenants. Refer to Note 9 Debt for additional information about DSG s credit agreement. 
 
 Organic Growth Strategy 
 
 We intend to grow our businesses organically by exploring growth opportunities that provide different channels to reach customers, increase revenue and generate positive results. We plan to utilize our Company structure to grow organic revenue through collaborative selling across our diverse customer base and expanding the digital capabilities across our platform. 
 
 Acquisition Strategy 
 
 In addition to organic growth, we plan to actively pursue acquisition opportunities complementary to our businesses and that we believe will be financially accretive to our organization. 
 
 Sales Drivers 
 
 DSG believes that the Purchasing Managers Index PMI published by the Institute for Supply Management is an indicative measure of the relative strength of the economic environment of the industry in which it operates. The PMI is a composite index of economic activity in the U.S. manufacturing sector. A measure of the PMI index above 50 is generally viewed as indicating an expansion of the manufacturing sector while a measure below 50 is generally viewed as representing a contraction. The average monthly PMI wa s 48.3 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 47.2 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Lawson Sales Drivers 
 
 The North American MRO market is highly fragmented. Lawson competes for business with several national distributors as well as a large number of regional and local distributors. The MRO business is impacted by the overall strength of the manufacturing sector of the U.S. economy. 
 
 Lawson s revenue is also influenced by the number of sales representatives and their productivity. Lawson plans to continue concentrating its efforts on increasing the productivity and size of its sales team. Additionally, Lawson drives revenue through the expansion of products sold to existing customers as well as attracting new customers and additional ship-to locations. Lawson also utilizes an inside sales team to help drive field sales representative productivity and also utilizes an e-commerce site to generate sales. 
 
 TestEquity Sales Drivers 
 
 Across the test and measurement, industrial and electronic production supplies businesses, the North American market is highly fragmented with competitors ranging from large global distributors to national and regional distributors. 
 
 Through the Hisco Transaction, TestEquity expanded its product offerings, including adhesives, chemicals and tapes as well as specialty materials such as electrostatic discharge, thermal management materials and static shielding bags. Hisco operates in 36 locations across North America, including its Precision Converting facilities that provide value-added fabrication 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 and its Adhesive Materials Group that provides an array of custom repackaging solutions. Hisco also offers vendor-managed inventory and Radio Frequency Identification RFID programs with specialized warehousing for chemical management, logistics services and cold storage. 
 
 Gexpro Services Sales Drivers 
 
 The global supply chain solutions market is highly fragmented across Gexpro Services key vertical segments. Gexpro Services competitors range from large global distributors and manufacturers to small regional domestic distributors and manufacturers. Gexpro Services revenue is influenced by our OEMs production schedules, new product introduction launches, and service project needs. 
 
 Gexpro Services strategy is to increase revenue through increasing wallet share with existing customers, customer-led geographic expansion, new customer development in its six key vertical markets and leveraging its portfolio of recent acquisitions to expand its installation and aftermarket services. 
 
 Canada Branch Division Sales Drivers 
 
 Canada Branch Division combines the operations of our Bolt and Source Atlantic Limited subsidiaries, which distribute industrial MRO supplies, safety products, fasteners, and related value-add services to the Canadian MRO market primarily through the sale of products to its walk-up customers through 38 branch locations. Source Atlantic was acquired to expand DSG s operating footprint in the Canadian market. 
 
 Supply Chain Disruptions 
 
 We continue to be affected by rising supplier costs caused by inflation and increased transportation and labor costs . We have instituted various price increases du ring 2023 and 2024 where possible in respo nse to rising supplier costs, as well as increased transportation and labor costs in order to manage our gross profit margins. 
 
 Cyber Incident Litigation 
 
 On February 10, 2022, DSG disclosed that Lawson Products computer network was the subject of a cyber incident potentially involving unauthorized access to certain confidential information (the Cyber Incident ). DSG engaged a cybersecurity forensics firm to assist in the investigation of the incident and to assist in securing its computer network. 
 
 Because of the nature of the information that may have been compromised, DSG was required to notify the parties whose information was potentially compromised of the incident as well as various governmental agencies and has taken other actions, such as offering credit monitoring services. On April 4, 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against DSG related to the Cyber Incident (the Cyber Incident Suit ). For more information about the Cyber Incident Suit, refer to Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies within Item 1. Financial Statements. At September 30, 2024, DSG had not incurred material costs as a result of the Cyber Incident. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. A discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates is contained within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in DSG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes to our previously disclosed critical accounting policies and use of estimates. The following provides information on the accounts requiring more significant estimates. 
 
 Income Taxes - Deferred tax assets or liabilities reflect temporary differences between amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and tax reporting. Such amounts are adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect changes in enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions as well as deferred tax asset and liability balances, including the estimation of valuation allowances and the evaluation of uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment - Goodwill represents the cost of business acquisitions in excess of the fair value of identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The Company reviews goodwill for potential impairment annually on October 1st, or when an event or other circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying value. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

The first step in the multi-step process to determine if goodwill has been impaired and to what degree is to review the relevant qualitative factors that could cause the fair value of the reporting unit to decrease below the carrying value of the reporting unit. The Company considers factors such as macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other relevant factors that would affect the individual reporting units. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than the carrying value of the reporting unit, then no further impairment testing is needed. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than the fair value of the reporting unit, the Company will move to the next step in the process. The Company will estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare it to the reporting unit s carrying value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company will record an impairment of goodwill equal to the amount the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, up to the total amount of goodwill previously recognized. 
 
 Business Combinations - We allocate the purchase price paid for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions based on their estimated fair values at the time of acquisition. This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments in determining the fair value, as of the acquisition date, of the following: 
 intangible assets, including the valuation methodology (the relief of royalty method for trade names and multi-period excess earnings method for customer relationships), estimations of future cash flows, discount rates, royalty rates, recurring revenue attributed to customer relationships, and our assumed market segment share, as well as the estimated useful life of intangible assets; 
 deferred tax assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and tax-related valuation allowances; 
 inventory; 
 property, plant and equipment; 
 pre-existing liabilities or legal claims; 
 contingent consideration, including estimating the likelihood and timing of achieving the relevant thresholds; and 
 goodwill as measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. 
 
 Our assumptions and estimates are based upon comparable market data and information obtained from our management and the management of the acquired companies. We allocate goodwill to the reporting units of the business that are expected to benefit from the business combination. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The Company s management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures may provide users of this financial information with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior operating periods. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures can provide additional meaningful reflection of underlying trends of the business because they provide a comparison of historical information that excludes certain infrequently occurring, seasonal or non-operational items that impact the overall comparability. These non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Company s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Management believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of the Company s operating performance and may provide investors with additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior operating periods because Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain non-operational or non-cash items whose fluctuations from period to period do not necessarily correspond to changes in the operating performance of our business and consequently may impact the overall comparability from period to period. We define Adjusted EBITDA as operating income plus depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, severance and acquisition related retention costs, costs related to the execution and integration of acquisitions and other non-recurring items. Management uses operating income and Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the performance of its reportable segments. 
 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation of Net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis and Operating income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. A reconciliation of Net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA by segment is not provided because management does not determine or review net income at the segment level and does not allocate non-operating costs and expenses to its segments, such as income taxes, interest expense, and various other non-operating income and expense. See Note 16 Segment Information with in Item 1. Financial Statements for additional information about our reportable segments. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Lawson TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other Consolidated Net income (loss) 21,921 Income tax expense (benefit) (19,007) Other income (expense), net 15 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 858 Interest expense 15,160 Operating income (loss) 726 4,329 11,543 2,523 (174) 18,947 Depreciation and amortization 6,533 7,460 3,840 791 18,624 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 2,209 65 158 2,432 Severance and acquisition related retention expenses (2) 
 2,269 1,275 13 11 3,568 Acquisition related costs (3) 
 2,967 875 462 (1,403) 2,901 Inventory step-up (4) 
 432 694 1,126 Other non-recurring (5) 
 337 380 538 257 1,512 Adjusted EBITDA 15,473 14,384 16,396 4,019 (1,162) 49,110 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Lawson TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other Consolidated Net income (loss) (1,568) Income tax expense (benefit) 990 Other income (expense), net 1,133 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (667) Interest expense 12,895 Operating income (loss) 10,643 (5,027) 7,332 1,468 (1,633) 12,783 Depreciation and amortization 4,069 8,322 4,069 550 17,010 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 1,049 1,049 Severance and acquisition related retention expenses (2) 
 73 10,388 16 1 10,478 Acquisition related costs (3) 
 995 (1,535) 135 311 (94) Inventory step-up (4) 
 2,150 2,150 Other non-recurring (5) 
 (108) (9) 444 327 Adjusted EBITDA 16,721 14,298 11,552 2,010 (878) 43,703 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Lawson TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other Consolidated Net income (loss) 18,593 Income tax expense (benefit) (23,264) Other income (expense), net (82) Change in fair value of earnout liabilities 861 Interest expense 39,780 Operating income (loss) 10,962 (1,062) 25,096 4,846 (3,954) 35,888 Depreciation and amortization 18,131 22,751 11,505 1,824 54,211 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 3,588 225 510 4,323 Severance and acquisition related retention expenses (2) 
 4,664 17,611 277 45 22,597 Acquisition related costs (3) 
 6,654 1,538 917 (656) 8,453 Inventory step-up (4) 
 1,066 694 1,760 Other non-recurring (5) 
 337 380 2,152 257 3,126 Adjusted EBITDA 45,402 41,443 39,947 7,409 (3,843) 130,358 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Lawson TestEquity Gexpro Services Canada Branch Division All Other Consolidated Net income (loss) 7,363 Income tax expense (benefit) 3,637 Other income (expense), net 2,869 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (646) Interest expense 30,057 Operating income (loss) 27,358 (8,183) 23,484 4,545 (3,924) 43,280 Depreciation and amortization 15,125 18,687 11,960 1,544 47,316 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 5,441 5,441 Severance and acquisition related retention expenses (2) 
 430 12,796 39 1 13,266 Acquisition related costs (3) 
 2,655 5,284 813 311 9,063 Inventory step-up (4) 
 2,866 2,866 Other non-recurring (5) 
 232 72 1,620 1,924 Adjusted EBITDA 51,241 31,450 36,368 6,090 (1,993) 123,156 
 (1) Expense (benefit) primarily for stock-based compensation, of which a portion varies with the Company s stock price. 
 (2) Includes severance expense from actions taken in 2024 and 2023 not related to a formal restructuring plan and acquisition related retention expenses for the Hisco Transaction and the S S Automotive Transaction. 
 (3) Transaction and integration costs related to acquisitions. 
 (4) Inventory fair value step-up adjustment for acquisition accounting related to acquisitions completed by Lawson and TestEquity. 
 (5) Other non-recurring costs consist of certain non-recurring strategic projects and other non-recurring items. 
 
 Intersegment Transactions 
 
 Segment revenue and Operating income (loss) by reportable segment includes sales to external customers and sales transactions between our segments, referred to as intersegment revenue, and the impact of those intersegment revenue transactions on operating activities. Reconciliations of segment revenue and Operating income (loss) to our consolidated results of operations in the u naudited condensed consolidated financial statements are provided in Note 16 Segment Information within Item 1. Financial Statements. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Revenue Amount of Revenue Revenue Lawson 117,957 25.2 114,477 26.1 TestEquity 195,244 41.7 207,657 47.3 Gexpro Services 116,141 24.8 103,232 23.5 Canada Branch Division 39,092 8.4 13,543 3.1 Intersegment revenue elimination (415) (0.1) Total Revenue 468,019 100.0 438,909 100.0 Cost of goods sold Lawson 52,609 11.2 48,395 11.0 TestEquity 150,958 32.3 164,589 37.5 Gexpro Services 79,493 17.0 72,990 16.6 Canada Branch Division 26,526 5.7 7,638 1.7 Intersegment cost of goods sold elimination (415) (0.1) Total Cost of goods sold 309,171 66.1 293,612 66.9 Gross profit 158,848 33.9 145,297 33.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses Lawson 64,622 13.8 55,439 12.6 TestEquity 39,957 8.5 48,095 11.0 Gexpro Services 25,105 5.4 22,910 5.2 Canada Branch Division 10,043 2.1 4,437 1.0 All Other 174 1,633 0.4 Total Selling, general and administrative expenses 139,901 29.9 132,514 30.2 Operating income (loss) 18,947 4.0 12,783 2.9 Interest expense (15,160) (3.2) (12,895) (2.9) Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (858) (0.2) 667 0.2 Other income (expense), net (15) (1,133) (0.3) Income (loss) before income taxes 2,914 0.6 (578) (0.1) Income tax expense (benefit) (19,007) (4.1) 990 0.2 Net income (loss) 21,921 4.7 (1,568) (0.4) 
 
 Overview of Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Our consolidated revenue increased 29.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily driven by 38.1 million from acquisitions completed in 2024 offset by a decline in organic revenue of 9.0 million or 2.1 . Consolidated gross profit and Selling, general and administrative expenses also increased over the prior year primarily driven by the inclusion of the ESS, S S Automotive and Source Atlantic acquisitions completed in 2024. 
 
 Refer to Results by Reportable Segment below for a complete discussion of our results of operations. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Results by Reportable Segment 
 
 Lawson Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 117,953 114,477 3,476 3.0 Intersegment revenue 4 4 Revenue 117,957 114,477 3,480 3.0 Cost of goods sold 52,609 48,395 4,214 8.7 Gross profit 65,348 66,082 (734) (1.1) Selling, general and administrative expenses 64,622 55,439 9,183 16.6 Operating income (loss) 726 10,643 (9,917) (93.2) Gross profit margin 55.4 57.7 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 15,473 16,721 (1,248) (7.5) 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 3.5 million, or 3.0 , to 118.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 114.5 million in the third quarter of 2023 . The increase was primarily driven by 13.4 million of revenue generated from the acquisitions completed in 2024 and strengthening sales to the automotive end market of 0.5 million partially offset by a decline in sales to Lawson s core, governmental and strategic customers of 10.4 million with fewer sales representatives. 
 
 Gross profit was relatively flat at 65.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross profit of 66.1 million in the prior year quarter . Lawson gross profit as a percent of revenue was 55.4 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 57.7 in the prior year quarter. The gross profit margin percentage decrease was primarily the result of the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory of 0.4 million related to the S S Automotive Transaction, a sales mix shift toward larger customers and a lower gross profit margin profile on revenue generated by the 2024 acquisitions compared to its organic profile . 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of compensation and support for Lawson sales representatives and expenses to operate Lawson s distribution network and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9.2 million to 64.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 55.4 million in the prior year quarter. A pproximately 2.5 million of the increased expenses was driven by the acquisitions completed in 2024 and higher depreciation and amortization, severance expense, stock-based compensation expense and merger and acquisition expenses of 2.5 million, 2.2 million, 1.2 million and 2.0 million, respectively. These costs were partially offset by a decrease in variable compensation as a result of lower sales. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Lawson generated Adjusted EBITDA of 15.5 million , a decrease of 1.2 million from the same period a year ago primarily driven by lower organic revenue and gross profit margin partially offset by contributions of a pproximately 2.6 million generated by the acquisitions completed in 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 TestEquity Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 195,210 207,657 (12,447) (6.0) Intersegment revenue 34 34 Revenue 195,244 207,657 (12,413) (6.0) Cost of goods sold 150,958 164,589 (13,631) (8.3) Gross profit 44,286 43,068 1,218 2.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 39,957 48,095 (8,138) (16.9) Operating income (loss) 4,329 (5,027) 9,356 (186.1) Gross profit margin 22.7 20.7 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 14,384 14,298 86 0.6 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue decreased 12.4 million, or 6.0 , to 195.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 207.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a slowdown in the electronics assembly market causing softening in the electronic production supplies end markets. 
 
 Gross profit increased 1.2 million to 44.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross profit of 43.1 million in the prior year quarter. The third quarter of 2023 included expense of 2.2 million for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory related to the acquisition completed in 2023. TestEquity gross profit as a percent of revenue increased to 22.7 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 20.7 in the prior year quarter primarily due to a shift in sales mix and better performance across web channels. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of compensation and support for TestEquity s sales representatives and expenses to operate TestEquity s distribution network and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 8.1 million to 40.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 48.1 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by lower severance and acquisition related retention expenses of 9.1 million and lower variable compensation of 1.4 million as a result of lower sales partially offset by higher merger and acquisition expenses of 2.4 million . 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, TestEquity generated Adjusted EBITDA of 14.4 million, an increase of 0.1 million from the same period a year ago primarily due to managing its cost structure on lower revenue. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Gexpro Services Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 115,764 103,232 12,532 12.1 Intersegment revenue 377 377 Revenue 116,141 103,232 12,909 12.5 Cost of goods sold 79,493 72,990 6,503 8.9 Gross profit 36,648 30,242 6,406 21.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 25,105 22,910 2,195 9.6 Operating income (loss) 11,543 7,332 4,211 57.4 Gross profit margin 31.6 29.3 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 16,396 11,552 4,844 41.9 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 12.9 million, or 12.5 , to 116.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 103.2 million in the third quarter of 2023 . The increase in revenue was primarily driven by increased sales in the renewable energy vertical market of 7.2 million and strengthening sales within the technology vertical market of 3.1 million . 
 
 Gross profit increased 6.4 million to 36.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross profit of 30.2 million in the prior year quarter . Gexpro Services gross profit as a percent of revenue was 31.6 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 29.3 in the prior year quarter primarily driven by the impact of margin synergies within the renewable energy vertical market, enhanced strategic sourcing, supply chain improvements and end market sales mix. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses primarily relating to compensation, costs associated with supporting Gexpro Services service facilities, overhead expenses within finance, legal, human resources and information technology, and other costs required to operate Gexpro Services business. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 2.2 million to 25.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 22.9 million in the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily driven by non-recurring legal costs, higher merger and acquisition expenses of 0.4 million and consulting costs of 0.5 million . 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Gexpro Services generated Adjusted EBITDA of 16.4 million , an increase of 4.8 million from the same period a year ago primarily driven by higher organic revenue, gross profit margin management and leveraging its Selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Branch Division Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 39,092 13,543 25,549 188.7 Intersegment revenue Revenue 39,092 13,543 25,549 188.7 Cost of goods sold 26,526 7,638 18,888 247.3 Gross profit 12,566 5,905 6,661 112.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses 10,043 4,437 5,606 126.3 Operating income (loss) 2,523 1,468 1,055 71.9 Gross profit margin 32.1 43.6 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 4,019 2,010 2,009 100.0 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 25.5 million , or 188.7 , to 39.1 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 13.5 million in the third quarter of 2023 . The increase was primarily driven by 24.7 million of additional revenue generated by the acquisition of Source Atlantic and an increase in organic revenue of 0.8 million . 
 
 Gross profit increased 6.7 million to 12.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to gross profit of 5.9 million in the prior year quarter primarily as a result of additional gross profit of 6.4 million generated by the acquisition of Source Atlantic . G ross profit as a percent of revenue decreased to 32.1 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 43.6 in the prior year quarter primarily due to the lower gross profit margin profile of Source Atlantic as compared to Bolt. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for Canada Branch Division consist of compensation, expenses to operate its distribution network and branch locations and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5.6 million to 10.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.4 million in the prior year quarter. A pproximately 5.4 million of the increased expenses was driven by the acquisition of Source Atlantic. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Canada Branch Division generated Adjusted EBITDA of 4.0 million, an increase of 2.0 million from the same period a year ago of which approximately 1.9 million was generated from Source Atlantic. 
 
 Consolidated Non-operating Income and Expense 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Interest expense (15,160) (12,895) (2,265) 17.6 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (858) 667 (1,525) N/M Other income (expense), net (15) (1,133) 1,118 N/M Income tax expense (benefit) (19,007) 990 (19,997) N/M 
 N/M Not meaningful 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 2.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to higher outstanding borrowings related to the purchase of S S Automotive and Source Atlantic . 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Earnout Liabilities 
 
 The 0.9 million expense in the third quarter of 2024 related to the change in fair value of the earnout liabilities associated with the Frontier acquisition. The 0.7 million benefit in the prior year related to the change in fair value of the earnout liabilities associated with the Frontier acquisition and the Hisco Transaction. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net consists of effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest income, net and other non-operating income and expenditures. The 1.1 million change in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was primarily due to favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 
 Income tax benefit was 19.0 million, a (652.3) effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to income tax expense of 1.0 million and a (171.3) effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the year-over-year effective tax rate was primarily due to a change in valuation allowances related to interest expense limitation on deferred tax assets, foreign income and other permanent items. The income tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of 2024 is based on the estimated year-end effective tax rate. Limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and other permanent items on a nominal pre-tax income amount is driving the high effective tax rate. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Net Sales Amount of Net Sales Revenue Lawson 357,261 27.0 358,903 30.8 TestEquity 579,874 43.8 451,082 38.7 Gexpro Services 321,926 24.3 312,523 26.8 Canada Branch Division 66,058 5.0 42,655 3.7 Intersegment revenue elimination (1,478) (0.1) Total Revenue 1,323,641 100.0 1,165,163 100.0 Cost of goods sold Lawson 160,450 12.1 155,533 13.3 TestEquity 447,608 33.8 351,417 30.2 Gexpro Services 221,341 16.7 219,430 18.8 Canada Branch Division 41,936 3.2 24,592 2.1 Intersegment cost of goods sold elimination (1,478) (0.1) Total Cost of goods sold 869,857 65.7 750,972 64.5 Gross profit 453,784 34.3 414,191 35.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses Lawson 185,849 14.0 176,012 15.1 TestEquity 133,328 10.1 107,848 9.3 Gexpro Services 75,489 5.7 69,609 6.0 Canada Branch Division 19,276 1.5 13,518 1.2 All Other 3,954 0.3 3,924 0.3 Total Selling, general and administrative expenses 417,896 31.6 370,911 31.8 Operating income (loss) 35,888 2.7 43,280 3.7 Interest expense (39,780) (3.0) (30,057) (2.6) Loss on extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (861) (0.1) 646 0.1 Other income (expense), net 82 (2,869) (0.2) Income (loss) before income taxes (4,671) (0.4) 11,000 0.9 Income tax expense (benefit) (23,264) (1.8) 3,637 0.3 Net income (loss) 18,593 1.4 7,363 0.6 
 
 Overview of Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Our consolidated revenue increased 158.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily driven by an increase of 211.7 million from acquisitions completed in 2023 and 2024 partially offset by a decline in organic revenue. Consolidated Gross profit and Selling, general and administrative expenses also increased over the prior year primarily driven by the inclusion of the Hisco, ESS, S S and Source Atlantic acquisitions completed in 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Refer to Results by Reportable Segment below for a complete discussion of our results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Results by Reportable Segment 
 
 Lawson Segment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 357,204 358,903 (1,699) (0.5) Intersegment revenue 57 57 Revenue 357,261 358,903 (1,642) (0.5) Cost of goods sold 160,450 155,533 4,917 3.2 Gross profit 196,811 203,370 (6,559) (3.2) Selling, general and administrative expenses 185,849 176,012 9,837 5.6 Operating income (loss) 10,962 27,358 (16,396) (59.9) Gross profit margin 55.1 56.7 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 45,402 51,241 (5,839) (11.4) 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue decreased 1.6 million , or 0.5 , to 357.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to revenue of 358.9 million in the same period of 2023 . The decrease was primarily driven by a decline in sales to Lawson s core, governmental and strategic customers of 30.5 million with fewer sales representatives partially offset by 25.8 million of revenue generated from the acquisitions completed in 2024 and s trengthening sales within the automotive end market of 3.1 million. 
 
 Gross profit decreased 6.6 million to 196.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross profit of 203.4 million i n the same period of 2023 primarily due to a shift in sales toward lower margin profile customers and the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory of 1.1 million related to the S S Automotive Transaction. Lawson gross profit as a percent of revenue was 55.1 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 56.7 in the prior year period. The gross profit margin percentage decrease was primarily the result of the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory of 1.1 million related to the S S Automotive Transaction, a shift in sales toward larger lower margin profile customers and a lower margin profile from the 2024 acquisitions than its organic margin profile. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of compensation and support for Lawson sales representatives as well as expenses to operate Lawson s distribution network and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9.8 million to 185.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 176.0 million in the same period of 2023. A pproximately 6.8 million of the increased expenses was driven by the acquisitions completed in 2024 and higher severance and merger and acquisition expenses of 4.2 million and 4.0 million, respectively. These costs were partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 1.9 million and a decrease in variable compensation as a result of lower sales. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , Lawson generated Adjusted EBITDA of 45.4 million, a decrease of 5.8 million from the same period a year ago primarily driven by lower organic revenue and gross profit margin partially offset by contributions of approximately 4.0 million generated by the acquisitions completed in 2024. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 TestEquity Segment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 579,721 451,082 128,639 28.5 Intersegment revenue 153 153 Revenue 579,874 451,082 128,792 28.6 Cost of goods sold 447,608 351,417 96,191 27.4 Gross profit 132,266 99,665 32,601 32.7 Selling, general and administrative expenses 133,328 107,848 25,480 23.6 Operating income (loss) (1,062) (8,183) 7,121 (87.0) Gross profit margin 22.8 22.1 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 41,443 31,450 9,993 31.8 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 128.8 million , or 28.6 , to 579.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 451.1 million in the same period in 2023 . The increase was primarily driven by an additional 161.2 million of revenue generated from the Hisco acquisition completed in 2023 partially offset by a 32.4 million decline in legacy TestEquity revenue due to a slowdown in the electronics assembly market causing softening in the electronic production supplies end markets. 
 
 Gross profit increased 32.6 million to 132.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 99.7 million in the same period of 2023 primarily as a result of the inclusion of the acquisition completed in 2023, which generated 40.5 million of additional gross profit during the first nine months of 2024, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit on the decline in legacy TestEquity revenue . TestEquity gross profit as a percent of revenue increased to 22.8 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 22.1 in the prior year. The first nine months of 2023 included expense of 2.9 million for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory related to the acquisition completed in 2023. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of compensation and support for TestEquity s sales representatives and expenses to operate TestEquity s distribution network and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 25.5 million to 133.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 107.8 million in the same period of 2023 . Approximately 28.5 million of the increased expenses was driven by the acquisition completed in 2023 of which 3.8 million was related to the Hisco employee retention bonuses. These costs were partially offset by lower merger and acquisition expenses of 3.7 million in the f irst nine months of 2024 compared to the same period a year ago. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , TestEquity generated Adjusted EBITDA of 41.4 million , an increase of 10.0 million, or 31.8 from the same period a year ago with approximately 16.6 million driven by the acquisition completed in 2023, offset by a reduction of 6.6 million in legacy TestEquity primarily on lower organic revenue. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Gexpro Services Segment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 320,658 312,523 8,135 2.6 Intersegment revenue 1,268 1,268 Revenue 321,926 312,523 9,403 3.0 Cost of goods sold 221,341 219,430 1,911 0.9 Gross profit 100,585 93,093 7,492 8.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 75,489 69,609 5,880 8.4 Operating income (loss) 25,096 23,484 1,612 6.9 Gross profit margin 31.2 29.8 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 39,947 36,368 3,579 9.8 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 9.4 million , or 3.0 , to 321.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 312.5 million in the same period of 2023 . The increase was primarily driven by increased sales in the renewable energy vertical market of 5.1 million, aerospace and defense vertical market of 3.3 million and strengthening sales within the technology vertical market of 1.7 million partially offset by softness within the consumer and industrial vertical market. 
 
 Gross profit increased 7.5 million to 100.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 93.1 million in the same period of 2023 . Gexpro Services gross profit as a percent of revenue was 31.2 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 29.8 in the prior year period d riven by strategic sourcing initiatives, supply chain improvements and end market sales mix. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of sales and marketing expenses primarily relating to compensation, costs associated with supporting Gexpro Services service facilities, overhead expenses within finance, legal, human resources and information technology, and other costs required to operate Gexpro Services business. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 5.9 million to 75.5 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 69.6 million in the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by additional consulting costs of 2.1 million to support non-recurring strategic projects, non-recurring legal fees of 0.9 million and investments to support future growth and additional compensation. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , Gexpro Services generated Adjusted EBITDA of 39.9 million , an increase of 3.6 million, or 9.8 from the same period a year ago primarily driven by higher organic revenue and managing gross profit margins partially offset by an increase in Selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Branch Division Segment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Revenue from external customers 66,058 42,655 23,403 54.9 Intersegment revenue Revenue 66,058 42,655 23,403 54.9 Cost of goods sold 41,936 24,592 17,344 70.5 Gross profit 24,122 18,063 6,059 33.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 19,276 13,518 5,758 42.6 Operating income (loss) 4,846 4,545 301 6.6 Gross profit margin 36.5 42.3 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 7,409 6,090 1,319 21.7 
 (1) Refer to the Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA section in Overview for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to operating income. 
 
 Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 Revenue increased 23.4 million , or 54.9 , to 66.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 42.7 million the same period of 2023 . The increase was primarily driven by 24.7 million of additional revenue generated by the acquisition of Source Atlantic partially offset by a decline in organic revenue of 1.3 million . 
 
 Gross profit increased 6.1 million to 24.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to gross profit of 18.1 million in the same period of 2023 primarily as a result of additional gross profit of 6.4 million generated by the acquisition of Source Atlantic . G ross profit as a percent of revenue decreased to 36.5 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 42.3 in the prior year primarily due to the lower gross profit margin profile of Source Atlantic as compared to Bolt. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for Canada Branch Division consist of compensation, expenses to operate its distribution network and branch locations and overhead expenses. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5.8 million to 19.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 13.5 million in the prior year quarter. A pproximately 5.4 million of the increased expenses was driven by the acquisition of Source Atlantic. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024 , Canada Branch Division generated Adjusted EBITDA of 7.4 million, an increase of 1.3 million from the same period a year ago with an increase of approximately 1.9 million driv en by the acquisition of Source Atlantic. 
 
 Consolidated Non-operating Income and Expense 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Amount Interest expense (39,780) (30,057) (9,723) 32.3 Change in fair value of earnout liabilities (861) 646 (1,507) N/M Other income (expense), net 82 (2,869) 2,951 N/M Income tax expense (benefit) (23,264) 3,637 (26,901) (739.6) 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 9.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 primarily due to an increase in interest rates and higher outstanding borrowings related to the purchases of Hisco, S S Automotive and Source Atlantic . 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Earnout Liabilities 
 
 The 0.9 million expense in the first nine months of 2024 and the 0.6 million benefit in the first nine months of 2023 related to the change in fair value of the earnout liabilities associated with the Frontier acquisition. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 
 Other income (expense), net consists of effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest income, net and other non-operating income and expenditures. The 3.0 million change in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was partly due to favorable increases in interest income and favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 
 Income tax benefit was 23.3 million, a 498.1 effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 compared to an income tax expense of 3.6 million and a 33.1 effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2023. The change in the year-over-year effective tax rate was primarily due to a change in valuation allowances related to interest expense limitation deferred tax assets. The income tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of 2024 is based on the estimated year-end effective tax rate. Limitations on the deductibility of interest expense and other permanent items on a nominal pre-tax income amount is driving the high effective tax rate. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 61.3 million on September 30, 2024 compared to 83.9 million on December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company believes its current balances of cash and cash equivalents, availability under its Amended Credit Agreement and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs for the next twelve months. On August 14, 2024, the Company borrowed 200 million under the incremental term loan of the Amended Credit Agreement. The Company used a portion of these proceeds to fund the Source Atlantic Transaction. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 61.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and 252.2 million of bo rrowing availability remaining, net of outstanding letters of credit, under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Our primary short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs are to finance operating expenses, working capital, capital expenditures, potential business acquisitions, strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes. Our current debt obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement mature in April 2027. Required principal payments on the Amended Credit Agreement for the next twelve months are 40.3 million . Refer to Note 9 Debt within Item 1. Financial Statements for additional information related to our debt obligations. Access to debt capital markets has historically provided the Company with sources of liquidity, beyond normal operating cash flows. We do not anticipate having difficulty in obtaining financing from those markets in the future, however, we cannot provide assurance that unforeseen events or events beyond our control (such as a potential tightening of debt capital markets) will not have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 10,736 74,053 (63,317) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (205,392) (266,720) 61,328 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 171,949 269,295 (97,346) 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 10.7 million primarily due to net income including non-cash items partially offset by payments of 34.6 million related to the Hisco retention bonuses and investments in trade working capital and other net cash flow items. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 74.1 million, primarily due to net income including non-cash items, partially offset by investments in trade working capital to support higher sales and other net cash flow items. 
 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 205.4 million, primarily due to the purchase of ESS, S S Automotive and Source Atlantic , as well as purchases of property, plant and equipment and rental equipment which was partially offset by the sale of rental equipment. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 266.7 million, primarily due to the Hisco Transaction as well as purchases of property, plant and equipment and rental equipment which was partially offset by the sale of rental equipment. 
 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 171.9 million primarily due to borrowings under the Company s credit facility partially offset by principal payments on the term loans. In conjunction with the Source Atlantic Transaction, the Company borrowed 200 million under the incremental term loan facility on August 14, 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, deferred financing costs of 2.1 million were incurred related to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 269.3 million due to borrowings under the Company s credit facility and proceeds from the Rights Offering, partially offset by the repayment of previous indebtedness and principal payments on the term loans. In conjunction with the Hisco Transaction, the Company borrowed 305.0 million under the incremental term loan facility on June 8, 2023 and raised approximately 100 million through the Rights Offering which closed during the second quarter of 2023. During the first nine months of 2023, deferred financing costs of 3.4 million were incurred related to the First Amendment dated June 8, 2023 and offering costs of 1.5 million were incurred related to the Rights Offering. 
 
 Financing and Capital Requirements 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On August 14, 2024, in connection with the Source Atlantic Transaction, DSG entered into the Third Amendment, which provided for an additional 200 million incremental term loan and a 55 million increase in the senior secured revolving credit facility, and permits the Company to increase the commitments under the credit facility from time to time by up to 300 million in the aggregate, subject to, among other things, receipt of additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders and pro forma compliance with certain financial covenants. 
 
 As amended, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a 255 million senior secured revolving credit facility, a 250 million senior secured initial term loan facility, 505 million of incremental term loans, and a 50 million senior secured delayed draw term loan facility. Refer to Note 9 Debt within Item 1. Financial Statements for a description of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, we had 752.3 million in outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement and 252.2 million of bo rrowing availability remaining, net of outstanding letters of credit, under the senior secured revolving credit facility component. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our Amended Credit Agreement. While we were in compliance with our financial covenants as of September 30, 2024, failure to meet the covenant requirements of the Amended Credit Agreement in future quarters could lead to higher financing costs and increased restrictions, reduce or 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 eliminate our ability to borrow funds, or accelerate the payment of our indebtedness and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Purchase Commitments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had contractual commitments to purchase approximately 178.8 million of products from our suppliers and contractors over the next twelve months. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, t otal capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and rental equipment were 14.8 million excluding proceeds from the sale of rental equipment. The Company expects to spend appro ximately 4.0 million to 6.0 million for capital expenditures during the remainder of 2024 to support ongoing operations. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors previously authorized a stock repurchase program that permits the Company to repurchase its common stock. The timing and the amount of any repurchases will be determined by management under parameters established by the Board of Directors and depend on various factors including an evaluation of our stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability and other market conditions. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company repurchased 85,644 shares of DSG common stock under the repurchase program at an average cost of 30.13 per share for a total cost of 2.6 million. No shares were repurchased during the first nine months of 2023 . T he remaining availability for stock repurchases under the program was 26.4 million a s of September 30, 2024. See Note 11 Stockholders Equity with in Item 1. Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Retention Bonuses 
 
 Under the Purchase Agreement, DSG became obligated to pay 37.5 million in cash or DSG common stock in retention bonuses to certain Hisco employees that remain employed with Hisco or its affiliates for at least twelve months after the closing of the Hisco Transaction. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company paid 1.8 million of the retention bonuses in 2023 and 34.6 million of the retention bonuses in the first nine months of 2024, with the remaining balance of 1.1 million to be paid in 2025. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our floating rate long-term debt obligations. Interest rate risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in the level of interest rates and the spread between different interest rates. These risks are highly sensitive to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 The loans under the Amended Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to (i) the Alternate Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate (each as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, an additional margin ranging from 0.0 to 1.75 per annum, depending on the total net leverage ratio of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries as of the most recent determination date under the Amended Credit Agreement or (ii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the CORRA Rate (each as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, an additional margin ranging from 1.0 to 2.75 per annum, depending on the total net leverage ratio of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries as of the most recent determination date under the Amended Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 9 Debt within Item 1. Financial Statements for information about the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 100 of our debt was floating rate debt. A hypothetical increase/decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would increase/decrease our annual interest expense by approximately 7.5 million. We have not entered into, and currently do not intend to enter into, interest rate swaps or other derivative financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the Evaluation Date. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Given the timing of the Source Atlantic Transaction and the S S Automotive Transaction and the complexity of systems and business processes, we intend to exclude Source Atlantic and S S Automotive from our assessment and report on internal control over financial reporting for the year ending December 31, 2024. Other than the Source Atlantic Transaction and S S Automotive Transaction, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEMS 3 and 4 of Part II are not applicable and have been omitted from this report. 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, included within Item 1. Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a description of certain of our pending legal proceedings, which are incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Company is involved in legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the Risk Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company did not make any unregistered sales of its equity securities during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Board of Directors previously authorized a stock repurchase program that permits the Company to repurchase DSG common stock from time to time in open market transactio ns, privately negotiated transactions or by other methods. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased 29,800 shares of DSG common stock under the repurchase program at an average cost of 30.12 per share for a total cost of 0.9 million. The Company had 26.4 million of remaining availability under its stock repurchase program as of September 30, 2024. T he stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 
 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of DSG common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2024 under the repurchase program described above and excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 through July 31, 2024 29,800 30.12 29,800 26,373 August 1 through August 31, 2024 September 1 through September 31, 2024 Total 29,800 29,800 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined under Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit # Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, effective as of August 31, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-10546) f iled on September 1, 2023. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company effective as of May 5, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-10546) filed on May 5, 2022. 
 10. 1 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, by and among Distribution Solutions Group, Inc., the subsidiaries of Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-10546) filed on August 1 6 , 2024. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Certain schedules and/or similar attachments omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 DISTRIBUTION SOLUTIONS GROUP, INC. (Registrant) Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ J. Bryan King J. Bryan King Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ Ronald J. Knutson Ronald J. Knutson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) Dated: October 31, 2024 /s/ David S. Lambert David S. Lambert Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
 
 53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q310qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, J. Bryan King, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 31, 2024 s J. Bryan King 
 J. Bryan King 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q310qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ronald J. Knutson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal three months (the registrant s fourth fiscal three months in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 31, 2024 s Ronald J. Knutson 
 Ronald J. Knutson 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and Treasurer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a2024q310qex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that based on their knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

October 31, 2024 
 
 s J. Bryan King 
 J. Bryan King 
 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

s Ronald J. Knutson 
 Ronald J. Knutson 
 Distribution Solutions Group, Inc. 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dsgr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dsgr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dsgr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dsgr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dsgr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

