<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1507605_0001628280-24-047148.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9500144</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152265</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1715689</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3340217</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2106340</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1966964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047148.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047148
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARA Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001507605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				010949984
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36555
		FILM NUMBER:		241448303

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 804-1690

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210315

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Marathon Patent Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Strategic Minerals Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047148.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 mara-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mara-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______to______ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 5, 2024, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 54 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MARA HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (in thousands, except share and per share data) (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Digital assets Accounts receivable, net Deposits Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Digital assets 
 Property and equipment, net Advances to vendors Investments Long-term deposits Long-term prepaids Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Total long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Derivative instrument, current portion Operating lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liability, current portion Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Notes payable Derivative instrument, net of current portion 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liability, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) 
 per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 MARA HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total revenues Costs and expenses Cost of revenues Mining and hosting services 
 ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Total cost of revenues ) ) ) ) Operating expenses General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of digital assets ) Change in fair value of derivative instrument 
 ) ) Research and development 
 ) ) ) ) Early termination expenses 
 ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Gain (loss) on investments 
 ) Loss on hedge instruments 
 ) Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate ) ) ) ) Net gain from extinguishment of debt 
 Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other non-operating income (loss) 
 ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) Series A preferred stock accretion to redemption value 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 ) ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic 
 ) Weighted average shares of common stock - basic 
 Net income (loss) per share of common stock - diluted 
 ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock - diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 MARA HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share data) Number Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share data) Number Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock ) ) ) Net income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share data) Number Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Exchange of convertible notes for common stock Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share data) Number Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs Series A Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value ) ) Exchange of convertible notes for common stock Cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 2023-08 
 Net income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MARA HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred tax (benefit) expense 
 ) Change in fair value of digital assets ) ) Gain on investments 
 ) Loss on hedge instruments 
 Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of derivative instrument 
 Early termination expenses 
 Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of debt issuance costs Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate Gain on extinguishment of debt, net 
 ) Other adjustments from operations, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Advances to vendors ) ) Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Loan receivable ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 Proceeds from sale of digital assets Purchase of digital assets ) Investment in equity method investments 
 ) ) Purchase of equity investments ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred stock, net of issuance costs 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net of issuance costs Redemption of Series A preferred stock 
 ) Repurchase of shares in settlement of restricted stock ) Repayments of finance lease liabilities ) Repayment of term loan borrowings ) Value of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 MARA HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 

NOTE 1 

NOTE 2 

7 

Table of Contents 

The allowance for credit losses was million as of September 30, 2024. 

embedded derivatives requiring separation from the host instrument as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company does not elect to designate derivatives as hedges for accounting purposes and as such, records derivatives at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value and settlements recognized in earnings. The Company classifies derivative assets or liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as current or non-current based on whether settlement of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date of the Balance Sheets and for derivatives with multiple settlements, based on the term of the contract. 
 
 Bitcoin Derivatives 
 
 From time to time the Company enters into derivative contracts to mitigate bitcoin market pricing volatility risk. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a million loss on derivatives as a non-operating charge on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, all settled through cash payments. There were derivative instruments to mitigate bitcoin market pricing volatility risk outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Energy Derivatives 
 
 The Company acquired a commodity swap contract as a result of its acquisition of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC on January 12, 2024, refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions, for further information. The commodity swap contract hedges price variability in electricity purchases and expires on December 31, 2027. The commodity swap contract 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 million, estimated using observable market-based inputs classified under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value include the discount rate and electricity forward curves. Accordingly, the Company records the change in fair value of derivative instrument on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Commodity swap contract Change in fair value of derivative instrument 
 ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) 

9 

Table of Contents 

10 

Table of Contents 

Research and development costs were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The difference between the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily due to the change in valuation allowance as a result of current year activity. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company concluded, based upon all available evidence, it was more likely than not that it would have sufficient future taxable income to realize the Company s federal and state deferred tax assets. As a result, the Company released its valuation allowance associated with deferred tax assets and recognized a corresponding benefit from income taxes on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s conclusion regarding the realizability of such deferred tax assets was based on the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities. 
 
 Income Tax in Interim Periods 
 
 The Company records its tax expense or benefit on an interim basis using an estimated annual effective tax rate. This rate is applied to the current period ordinary income or loss to determine the income tax provision or benefit allocated to the interim period. The income tax effects of unusual or infrequent items are excluded from the estimated annual effective tax rate and are recognized in the impacted interim period. 
 
 Adjustments to the estimated annual effective income tax rate are recognized in the period when such estimates are revised. 
 
 Uncertainties 
 
 The Company files federal and state income tax returns. The 2020-2023 tax years generally remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and various state taxing authorities, although the Company is not currently under examination in any jurisdiction. 
 
 The Company does not currently expect any of its remaining unrecognized tax benefits to be recognized in the next twelve months. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 

megawatts of operational capacity and megawatts of nameplate capacity from APLD - Rattlesnake Den I, LLC (the Garden City Acquisition for total cash consideration of million, including working capital adjustments that were paid during the three months ended June 30, 2024. The acquisition is intended to improve efficiencies and the scale of operations through the integration of the Company s technology stack and realization of synergies. 
 
 Working capital adjustment 
 Total purchase consideration 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 - Business Combinations . 
 
 Property and equipment Finance lease right-of-use asset Goodwill Total assets Liabilities Finance lease liability Total liabilities Total purchase consideration 
 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired. The Company expects the goodwill balance to be deductible for tax purposes over a period of 15 years. Goodwill is primarily attributed to growth and efficiency opportunities as well as expected synergies from combining the operations of bitcoin mining sites with the Company. 
 
 The fair value of property and equipment was estimated by applying the cost approach, which estimates fair value using replacement or reproduction cost of an asset of comparable utility, adjusted for loss in value due to depreciation and economic obsolescence. The fair value of the finance lease liability was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach, which included assumptions regarding current market prices for similar assets, estimated term and discount rates. 

operational bitcoin mining sites located in Granbury, Texas and Kearney, Nebraska, totaling megawatts of nameplate capacity from GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC for total consideration of million, including a working capital adjustment that was paid during the three months ended March 31, 2024, plus up to an additional million of cash, which amount is contingent on the expansion of additional megawatt capacity at the acquired facilities by certain milestone dates during the period 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 sites as existing customer agreements expire or are terminated early. 
 
 Working capital adjustments Estimate fair value contingent earn-out and other 
 Total purchase consideration 
 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 - Business Combinations . 
 
 Other current assets Property and equipment Right-of-use asset Goodwill Customer relationships Derivative instrument Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Lease liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Total purchase consideration 
 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired. The Company expects the goodwill balance to be deductible for tax purposes over a period of 15 years. Goodwill is primarily attributed to growth and efficiency opportunities as well as expected synergies from combining the operations of bitcoin mining sites with the Company. 
 
 The gross contractual amounts receivable were million, of which, million is expected to be uncollectible. 
 
 The fair value of property and equipment was estimated by applying the cost approach, which estimates fair value using replacement or reproduction cost of an asset of comparable utility, adjusted for loss in value due to depreciation and economic obsolescence. The fair value of the derivative was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach that considers various assumptions including current market prices and electricity forward curves, time value, as well as other relevant economic measures. The fair value of the contingent earn-out was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach, which included assumptions regarding the probability-weighted cash flows of achieving certain capacity development milestones, which are considered Level 3 inputs. The fair value of the lease liability was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach, which included assumptions regarding current 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Contingent consideration liability Change in fair value of contingent earn-out ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

Intangible assets were determined to meet the criterion for recognition apart from tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The fair values of intangible assets were estimated based on various valuation techniques including the use of discounted cash flow analyses, and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy. These valuation inputs included estimates and assumptions about forecasted future cash flows, long-term revenue growth rates, and discount rates. The fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset was determined using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the excess earnings method and will be amortized on an accelerated basis over the projected pattern of economic benefits of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, the Company fully amortized customer relationships acquired for million. 
 
 The results of the acquired facilities have been included in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as of the acquisition date. 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) Earnings per common share: 
 Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects the acquisition of the acquired facilities by the application of pro forma adjustments to the Company s historical financial statements as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2023. The unaudited pro forma financial information should not be considered indicative of actual results that would have been achieved had the acquisition of the acquired facilities actually been consummated on the date indicated and does not purport to be indicative of the Company's future financial position or results of operations. These pro forma results include the impact of amortizing certain purchase accounting adjustments such as intangible assets and the impact of the acquisition on interest and income tax expense. No adjustments have been reflected in the pro forma financial information for anticipated growth and efficiency opportunities. There were no material nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the acquisition included within the unaudited pro forma financial information. 

NOTE 4 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

operational bitcoin mining sites for the purpose of improving efficiencies and the scale of the Company s mining operations. The Company provides hosting services to institutional-scale crypto mining companies at these sites. The Company will not be taking on any new hosting services customers at these locations and will transition to self-mining at these two sites as existing customer agreements expire or are terminated early. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions, for further information. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Mining participant Hosting services (1) 
 Total revenues from contracts with customers Mining operator - block rewards and other revenue Total revenues 
 
 (1) Includes revenue beginning January 12, 2024, the date of the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition. The Company made a strategic decision to exit hosting services business upon acquisition. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions, for further information. 
 
 bitcoin, subsequent to the halving that occurred on April 19, 2024. Prior to the halving, the Company was entitled to the block reward of bitcoin from each successful validation of a block. The Company is also entitled to the transaction fees paid by the transaction requester payable in bitcoin for each successful validation of a block. The Company assessed the following factors in the determination of the inception and duration of each individual contract to validate a block and satisfaction of its performance obligation as follows: 
 
 For each individual contract, the parties rights, the transaction price, and the payment terms are fixed and known as of the inception of each individual contract. 
 
 The transaction requestor and the Bitcoin network each have a unilateral enforceable right to terminate their respective contracts at any time without penalty. 
 
 For each of these respective contracts, contract inception and completion occur simultaneously upon block validation; that is, the contract begins upon, and the duration of the contract does not extend beyond, the validation of an individual blockchain transaction; and each respective contract contains a single performance obligation to perform a transaction validation service and this performance obligation is satisfied at the point-in-time when a block is successfully validated. 
 
 From September 2021 until May 2022, the Company engaged unrelated third-party mining enterprises pool participants to contribute hash calculations, and in exchange, remitted transaction fees and block rewards to pool participants on a pro rata basis according to each respective pool participant s contributed hash calculations. The MaraPool wallet (owned by the Company as Operator) is recorded on the distributed ledger as the winner of proof of work block rewards and assignee of all validations and, therefore, the transaction verifier of record. The pool participants entered into contracts with the Company as Operator; they did not directly enter into contracts with the network or the requester and were not known verifiers of the transactions assigned to the pool. As Operator, the Company delegated mining work to the pool participants utilizing software that algorithmically assigned work to each individual miner. By virtue of its selection and operation of the software, the Company as Operator controlled delegation of work to the pool participants. This indicated that the Company directed the mining pool participants to contribute their hash calculations to solve in areas that the Company designated. Therefore, the Company determined that it controlled the service of providing transaction verification services to the network and requester. Accordingly, the Company recorded all of the transaction fees and block rewards earned from transactions assigned to MaraPool as revenue, and the portion of the transaction fees and block rewards remitted to MaraPool participants as cost of revenues. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

17 

Table of Contents 

18 

Table of Contents 

 bitcoin mining sites, which were acquired on January 12, 2024, that provide hosting services to institutional-scale crypto mining companies. Hosting services include colocation and managed services. Colocation services include providing mining companies with sheltered data center space, electrical power, cooling, and internet connectivity. Managed services generally include providing customers with technical support and maintenance services, in addition to colocation services. The Company will not be taking on any new hosting services customers and will transition to self-mining at these sites as existing customer agreements expire or are terminated early. 
 
 Colocation services revenue is recognized over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the Company s performance. Managed services revenue is recognized at a point-in-time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the Company s performance. The transaction price for colocation services is variable based on the consumption of energy and the managed services price is a fixed rate per miner basis. The Company recognizes hosting services revenue to the extent that a significant reversal of such revenue will not occur. Hosting services customers are generally invoiced in advance of the month in which the Company satisfies its performance obligation, and deferred revenue is recorded for any upfront payments received in advance of the Company s performance. The monthly transaction price is generally variable based on the amount of megawatt hours MWh consumed by the customers equipment and when other monthly contracted services are performed. At the end of each month, the customer is billed for the actual amount owed for services performed. The Company recognizes revenue for hosting services under the right-to-invoice practical expedient in ASC 606-10-55-18, which allows for the recognition of revenue over time as the Company s right-to-invoice for final payment corresponds directly with the value of services transferred to the customer to-date. 
 
 Expenses associated with providing hosting services are recorded as cost of revenues and depreciation on hosting equipment is recorded as a separate component of cost of revenues. 

NOTE 5 
 
 million as of the beginning of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 was recorded for the difference between the carrying amount of the Company s digital assets and fair value. 
 
 Kaspa Total digital assets held as of September 30, 2024 

(in thousands, except for quantity) Quantity Cost Basis Fair Value Bitcoin Total digital assets held as of December 31, 2023 

The Company earned and bitcoin that were pending distribution from the Company s equity method investee, the ADGM Entity (as defined below), which are excluded from the Company s holdings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased million of bitcoin using cash on hand and an additional bitcoin, or approximately million, using the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes (as defined below). Refer to Note 14 - Debt, for additional information. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Company contracts with other service providers for the hosting of its equipment and operational support in data centers where the Company s equipment is deployed. These arrangements also typically require advance payments to be made to vendors in conjunction with the contractual obligations associated with these services. The Company classifies these payments as Deposits and Long-term deposits on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such deposits totaled approximately million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 7 
 
 Land improvements Building and improvements Mining rigs Containers - 
 Equipment - 
 Software and hardware Asset retirement obligation Construction in progress Other Total gross property, equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 (1) Refer to Note 15 - Leases, for further information regarding the Company s finance land lease. 
 
 The Company recorded an asset retirement obligation of million for the Granbury data center land lease. The asset retirement obligation represents the estimated cost to return the site to its original state. The asset retirement obligation is being depreciated over the term of the lease which is approximately years. 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company s depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. The Company s depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 
 million and million, respectively. The following summarizes the Company s current investments. 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 
 The ADGM Entity 
 
 On January 27, 2023, the Company and Zero Two (formerly known as FS Innovation, LLC) entered into a Shareholders Agreement to form an Abu Dhabi Global Markets company (the ADGM Entity in which the Company has a ownership interest, which is accounted for as an equity method investment. The ADGM Entity commenced mining operations in September 2023. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company received a non-monetary dividend in the amount of million associated with approximately mining rigs distributed by Zero Two. The Company recorded the mining rigs to property and equipment at fair value and, accordingly, recognized an impairment of million that reduced the Company s investment in the ADGM Entity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s share of net losses was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s investment in the ADGM Entity was million and is reflected in Investments on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Other investments consist of strategic investments made from time to time in equity securities and SAFE investments. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 
 Auradine 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total carrying amount of the Company s investment in Auradine, Inc. Auradine preferred stock was million. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company purchased additional shares of Auradine preferred stock with a purchase price of million. 
 
 On January 10, 2024, the Company purchased additional shares of Auradine preferred stock with a purchase price of million. The preferred stock purchased on January 10, 2024 was similar to the Company s other investments in Auradine preferred stock and, as a result, the Company recorded million to Gain on investments on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations to adjust the carrying amount of its investments to an observable price in accordance with the measurement alternative in ASC 321. 
 
 SAFE Investments 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into SAFE agreements, for a total carrying value of million. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote-down a previous SAFE investment of million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had SAFE investment with a carrying value of million, with no impairments or other adjustments. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 
 
 Garden City Acquisition Total goodwill 

The Company acquired goodwill from the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition on January 12, 2024 and the Garden City Acquisition on April 1, 2024, refer to Note 3 Acquisitions, for further information. 
 
 There was goodwill as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Intangible assets 
 
 ) Intellectual property 
 ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 In June 2024, the Company fully amortized customer relationships acquired in the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC due to the Company s strategic decision to exit hosting services business and termination of customer relationships during the period. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions, for further information. 
 
 There were intangible assets as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 10 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Recurring measurement of fair value 
 
 Digital assets Liabilities: Derivative instrument (1) 
 Contingent consideration liability (2) 

(in thousands) Total carrying value at December 31, 2023 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Assets: 
 Money market funds U.S. Treasury Bills Digital assets 
 
 (1) The fair value of the derivative instrument was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach that considers various assumptions including current market prices and electricity forward curves, which are considered Level 2 inputs. Increases (decreases) in market prices and electricity forward curves could result in significant increases (decreases) in the fair value of derivative instruments. Refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Derivatives, for further information. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of financial instruments not recognized at fair value 

(in thousands) Total carrying value at December 31, 2023 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Liabilities: 
 Notes payable 

NOTE 11 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units (1) 
 Convertible notes Series A Preferred Stock Total dilutive shares 
 
 (1) Anti-dilutive performance-based restricted stock units are presented at as the total potential vested shares. Refer to Note 13 - Stock-based Compensation, for further information. ) Weighted average shares of common stock - basic 
 Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic 
 ) Diluted earnings per share of common stock: 
 Net income (loss) per share of common stock - basic 
 ) ) Add: Notes interest expense, net of tax Less: Gain from extinguishment of debt, net of tax 
 ) ) Net income (loss) per share of common stock - diluted 
 ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock - basic 
 Restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units Convertible notes Weighted average shares of common stock - diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share of common stock - diluted 
 ) ) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12 
 with a par value of per share. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statements on Form S-3 and At-the-Market Offering Agreements 
 
 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, net of offering expenses of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, pursuant to the 2024 ATM. As a result, the Company had million aggregate offering price remaining under the 2024 ATM. 

NOTE 13 
 
 shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 
 Service-based stock awards Total stock-based compensation 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company grants service-based RSUs to employees, directors, and consultants. RSUs granted to employees generally vest over a period from the date of grant; however, in certain instances, all or a portion of a grant may vest immediately. RSUs granted to directors generally vest over a period. The Company measures the fair value of RSUs at the grant date and recognizes expenses on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period from the date of grant for each separately-vesting tranche under the graded-vesting attribution method. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of aggregate unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested service-based RSUs that is expected to be recognized over the next years. 
 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The Company granted performance-based restricted stock units PSUs on May 1, 2024 to employees which generally vest over a period from the date of grant. Awards are issued in the form of RSUs and are granted pursuant to the 2018 Plan. The number of PSUs that are subject to vest is directly correlated with the Company s achievements of a pre-determined metric relating to total stockholder return TSR for the period from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024 (the Performance Period ). 
 
 Based on the Company s TSR performance relative to the peer group for the Performance Period, the PSU awards will vest between to of the target amount over an approximate period. Determination regarding the Company s performance relative to the TSR metric will establish the maximum number of shares that are subject to vesting pursuant to the PSU awards. Once determined, (i) of the PSU awards will vest on January 31, 2025, and (ii) the balance of the awards will vest in 12 equal calendar quarters (with of the shares vesting each quarter). The Company measures the fair value of the PSUs at the grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 
 The Monte Carlo simulation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected stock price volatility, market capitalization of peer group, and dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates for constant maturity U.S. Treasury securities as of the grant date. Expected term is consistent with the Performance Period of the awards. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the estimated expected life. The Company does not pay a dividend, therefore, the dividend yield is assumed to be zero. 
 
 Granted Nonvested at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of aggregate unrecognized stock-based compensation related to unvested PSUs that is expected to be recognized over the next years. 
 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s issued and outstanding common stock warrants had change from December 31, 2023. The Company continues to have outstanding warrants, at a weighted average exercise price of , that are expected to expire in approximately years. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 
 2031 Notes Less: unamortized debt discount ) ) Total convertible notes, net of discount 
 
 The Company issued the following convertible notes (collectively, the Notes in private offerings: 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes 
 
 Stated Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates June 1 December 1 March 1 September 1 Net Proceeds (1) (in thousands) 
 Initial Conversion Rate 13.1277 52.9451 Initial Conversion Price Share Principal Price 1,000 1,000 
 
 (1) Net proceeds are net of customary offering expenses associated with the issuance of each of the Notes (the issuance costs ). The Company accounts for these issuance costs as a reduction to the principal amount and amortizes the issuance costs to interest expense from the respective debt issuance date through the Maturity Date, on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Issuance of 2031 Notes 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company issued million principal of Convertible Senior Notes due 2031. In addition, on August 14, 2024, the initial purchasers of the 2031 Notes purchased an additional million principal of 2031 Notes for an aggregate principal amount of million. The 2031 Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture with respect to the 2031 Notes between the Company and the U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 
 The 2031 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1 , 2025. The 2031 Notes will mature on September 1, 2031, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms. The 2031 Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion rate of 52.9451 shares per one thousand dollar principal amount of 2031 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. In addition, following certain events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2031 Notes in connection with such corporate event or notice of redemption, as the case may be, in certain circumstances as provided by the Indenture. 
 
 Prior to March 1, 2031, the 2031 Notes are convertible only upon the occurrence of certain events. On or after March 1, 2031 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides a notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2031 Notes on March 1, 2029 at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the repurchase date. In addition, if the Company undergoes a fundamental change, as defined in the Indenture, prior to the maturity, subject to certain conditions, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2031 Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 
 The Indenture contains customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of at least in principal amount of the outstanding 2031 Notes may declare of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all the 2031 Notes to be due and payable. 
 
 2026 Notes Partial Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 In September 2023, the Company entered into privately negotiated exchange agreements with certain holders of its 2026 Notes. In total, the Company exchanged million principal amount of 2026 Notes for an aggregate shares of Company common stock. Due to the addition of a substantive conversion feature, the Company determined that the exchange was an extinguishment of debt. The Company measured an million gain on extinguishment of debt based on the carrying value of the 2026 Notes, the fair value of the Company s common stock issued in the exchange and related transaction costs on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company is permitted and may seek to repurchase additional notes prior to the maturity date, whether through privately negotiated purchases, open market purchases, or otherwise. 

NOTE 15 
 of the facilities governed by this arrangement that commenced in January and March 2023, and has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components. Payment for these operating leases are entirely variable and are based on usage of electricity, and the Company therefore does not record a right-of-use ROU asset or lease liability associated with the leases. 
 
 The Company has amortized the ROU assets totaling million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease ROU assets 
 Property and equipment, net Total ROU assets 
 Liabilities 
 Current portion: 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liability 
 Finance lease liability, current portion Long-term portion: 
 Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liability Finance lease liability, net of current portion Total lease liabilities 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU asset (1) 
 Short-term lease rent expense Variable lease cost Total rent expense 
 
 (1) Amortization of finance lease ROU asset is included in Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Financing cash flows from finance lease Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Finance lease Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance lease 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liability (1) 

(1) Present value of lease liability exclude unfavorable lease liabilities associated with the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC operating lease and the Garden City acquisition finance lease for a net value of million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 3 - Acquisitions, for further information. 

NOTE 16 - 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 derivative actions pending in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada were consolidated (the Nevada Derivative Action ). On April 1, 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Nevada appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs in the Nevada Derivative Action. On June 25, 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint alleging breaches of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, claims under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and for contribution under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act. On August 9, 2024, the defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. 
 
 On October 16, 2023, the parties to the derivative actions pending in the Circuit Court of the 17th Judicial Circuit for Broward County, Florida filed an agreed order to stay both actions pending completion of the Nevada Derivative Action. On July 25, 2024, the Florida Derivative Actions were administratively closed. 
 
 Information Subpoena 
 
 On October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a series of agreements with multiple parties to design and build a data center for up to -megawatts in Hardin, Montana. In conjunction therewith, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on October 13, 2020 disclosing that, pursuant to a Data Facility Services Agreement, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock, in transactions exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company and certain of its executives received a subpoena to produce documents and communications concerning the Hardin, Montana data center facility. The Company received an additional subpoena from the SEC on April 10, 2023, relating to, among other things, transactions with related parties. The Company understands that the SEC may be investigating whether or not there may have been any violations of the federal securities law. The Company is cooperating with the SEC. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 causes of action including: (1) breach of written contract, (2) breach of implied contract, (3) quasi-contract, (4) services rendered, (5) intentional interference with prospective economic relations, and (6) negligent interference with prospective economic relations. On February 22, 2021, the Company responded to the Complaint with a general denial of the claims and asserted certain affirmative defenses. On February 25, 2021, the Company removed the action to the United States District Court in the Central District of California (the Court ). The Company filed a motion for summary judgment with respect to each of the causes of action, and the Court dismissed all of the causes of action other than breach of written contract. 
 
 On July 8, 2024, the Court commenced a jury trial with respect to the sole remaining claim. On July 18, 2024, the jury determined that the Company had breached certain provisions of the non-disclosure agreement and returned a verdict in the amount of million. On September 18, 2024, the Court entered a judgment of the same amount, plus post-judgment interest. The Company has not paid any portion of the award. On October 16, 2024, the Company filed a renewed motion for judgment as a matter of law (or in the alternative for a new trial and remittitur), which, based on applicable law, seeks to overturn, or at a minimum significantly reduce, the damage award. Also on October 16, 2024, the Company filed a motion to correct the judgment s interest rate, and Ho filed a motion requesting an award of pre-judgment interest. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company acquired a surety bond for the amount owing. The Company intends to defend its positions vigorously and assert its various well-founded legal claims to challenge both the verdict and the amount of the award. 

NOTE 17 - 

million. 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company purchased additional shares of Auradine preferred stock with a purchase price of million, bringing the Company s total investment holdings in Auradine to million based upon previous purchases of additional preferred stock and a SAFE instrument. 
 
 In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made advances of million and million, respectively, for future purchases resulting in total advances to Auradine of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18 
 
 Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Supplemental information: 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Series A Preferred Stock accretion to redemption value Reclassifications from advances to vendor to property and equipment upon receipt of equipment Reclassifications from advances to vendor to investments 
 Reclassifications from advances to vendor to other assets Reclassifications from long-term prepaid to property and equipment 
 Reclassifications from long-term prepaid to intangible assets Exchange of convertible notes for common stock Dividends received from equity method investment 

NOTE 19 
 
 million line of credit, collateralized by a portion of the Company s bitcoin holdings. The Company may use the funds to capitalize on strategic opportunities and for other general corporate purposes. As of October 17, 2024, the facility was fully utilized. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company acquired operational data centers located in Hannibal and Hopedale, Ohio, with megawatts of interconnect-approved capacity. These sites have megawatts of capacity and interconnection approval to expand by another megawatts. Simultaneously, the Company has begun developing a -megawatt operation in Findlay, Ohio, which already has megawatts of capacity. These facilities have a combined interconnect-approved capacity of megawatts. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock under the 2024 ATM. As a result, the Company had million aggregate offering price remaining under the 2024 ATM. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to MARA, we, us, and the Company refer to MARA Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our financial statements and related notes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (this Quarterly Report ). 
 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, will, could, anticipate, expect, intend, believe, continue or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to such statements. Our forward-looking statements are based on our management s current assumptions and expectations about future events and trends, which affect or may affect our business, strategy, operations or financial performance. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are made in light of information currently available to us. Our actual financial condition and results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below in the section entitled Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, as amended by Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (our Annual Report ), which is incorporated herein by reference, as well as in the other public filings we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). You should read this Quarterly Report with the understanding that our actual future financial condition and results may be materially different from and worse than what we expect. 
 
 Additionally, information regarding market and industry statistics contained in this Quarterly Report is included based upon information available to us that we believe is accurate as of the date of this Quarterly Report. It is generally based upon industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. We have not reviewed or included data from all sources and cannot assure investors of the accuracy or completeness of the data included in this Quarterly Report. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 MARA is a global leader in leveraging digital asset compute to support the energy transformation with operations in four continents and 14 data centers in North America, the Middle East, Europe and Latin America. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 1,100 megawatts of available energy capacity for computing. The Company uses different strategies and structures (self-owned and operated, joint ventures, and third-party hosted) to diversify risk across the organization. It is the Company s intent that self-owned and operated sites will represent a greater proportion of our portfolio over time. The Company s core business is Utility-Scale Computing, which produces or mines bitcoin using one of the industry s largest and most energy-efficient fleets of specialized computers while providing dispatchable compute as an optionality to the electric grid operators to balance electric demands on the grid. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 268,000 energized and operational mining rigs, capable of producing 36.9 exahashes per second with an efficiency of 22.7 joules per terahash, which the Company believes to be amongst the most efficient in the industry. The Company also operates its own mining pool that it believes provides it a competitive advantage over other mining companies, has its own firmware and state of the art liquid cooling technology, all of which help enhance its margins. The Company tripled its compute capacity in 2023 and is slated to double the capacity again in 2024 as it gears towards 50.0 exahash. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 26,747 bitcoin on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the approximate number of digital assets held and the approximate fair value of a single digital asset, as of the following dates: 
 
 Bitcoin Kaspa Quantity 
 Fair Value per coin 
 Quantity 
 Fair Value per coin 
 September 30, 2024 26,747 63,301 107,891,919 0.158 June 30, 2024 18,488 62,668 88,969,525 0.192 March 31, 2024 17,320 71,289 N/A N/A December 31, 2023 15,126 42,288 N/A N/A September 30, 2023 13,716 26,961 N/A N/A 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Highlights from the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 On July 25, 2024, the Company purchased 100.0 million of bitcoin using cash on hand, increasing our bitcoin holdings to over 20,000 BTC on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company announced the intent to adopt a full holding onto bitcoin approach HODL towards its bitcoin treasury policy, retaining all bitcoin mined in its operations, periodically making strategic open market purchases. 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of 300.0 million of 2.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). Refer to Note 14 Debt in the notes to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report, for further information. With the net proceeds of the 2031 Notes, the Company purchased an additional 4,144 bitcoin, or approximately 249.0 million, during the quarter. 
 
 On September 5, 2024, the Company announced the appointment of Janet George and Barbara Humpton to its Board of Directors and announced the appointment of current board member Doug Mellinger as lead independent director, effective September 1, 2024. Ms. George and Ms. Humpton bring extensive expertise in artificial intelligence, data centers and energy. Their proven track records in driving innovation and growth across complex industries will be invaluable to the Company s strategic growth. 
 
 On October 15, 2024, the Company announced securing a 200 million line of credit, collateralized by a portion of the Company s bitcoin holdings. The Company plans to use the funds to capitalize on strategic opportunities and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 First publicly traded digital bitcoin mining company to submit a climate-related disclosure report to the Climate Disclosure Project (CDP). 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 In order to provide a more comprehensive understanding of the information used by our management team in financial and operational decision-making, we supplement our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements that have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP with the non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted EBITDA and total margin excluding depreciation and amortization. 
 
 The Company defines adjusted EBITDA as (a) GAAP net income (loss) plus (b) adjustments to add back the impacts of (1) interest income (2) interest expense, (3) income tax expense (benefit), (4) depreciation and amortization and (5) adjustments for non-cash and/or non-recurring items which currently include (i) stock compensation expense, (ii) change in fair value of derivative instrument, (iii) early termination expenses and other and (iv) net gain from extinguishment of debt. The Company defines total margin excluding depreciation and amortization as (a) GAAP total margin less (b) depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Management uses adjusted EBITDA and total margin excluding depreciation and amortization, along with the supplemental information provided herein, as a means of understanding, managing and evaluating business performance and to help inform operating decision-making. The Company relies primarily on its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements to understand, manage and evaluate its financial performance and uses non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that adjusted EBITDA and total margin excluding depreciation and amortization are useful measures to us and to our investors because they exclude certain financial, capital structure and non-cash items that we do not believe directly reflect our core operations and may not be indicative of our recurring operations, in part because they may vary widely across time and within our industry independent of the performance of our core operations. We believe that excluding these items enables us to more effectively evaluate our performance period-over-period and relative to our competitors. Adjusted EBITDA and total margin excluding depreciation and amortization may not be comparable to similarly titled measures provided by other companies due to potential differences in methods of calculations. 
 
 The Company acquired a commodity swap agreement, which meets the definition of a derivative, in conjunction with its acquisition of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC on January 12, 2024. The change in fair value of this derivative instrument has fluctuated significantly since we acquired this contract, and we believe these fluctuations do not reflect the performance of our core operations. In addition, we believe excluding the change in fair value of derivative instruments enables us to more effectively evaluate our performance period-over-period and relative to our competitors who make similar adjustments to adjusted EBITDA. As such, beginning with the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company has updated its calculation of adjusted EBITDA to exclude the change in fair value of derivative instrument. Accordingly, certain prior period information has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Favorable (dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 (Unfavorable) Revenues Mining 131,306 97,849 33,457 Hosting services 341 341 Total revenues 131,647 97,849 33,798 Costs and expenses Cost of revenues Mining (97,149) (59,628) (37,521) Hosting services (378) (378) Depreciation and amortization (101,136) (53,548) (47,588) Total cost of revenues (198,663) (113,176) (85,487) Operating expenses General and administrative expenses (63,725) (19,428) (44,297) Change in fair value of digital assets 30,088 (44,692) 74,780 Change in fair value of derivative instrument 
 (58,234) (58,234) Research and development 
 (2,813) (713) (2,100) Early termination expenses 
 (10,304) (10,304) Amortization of intangible assets (219) (219) Total operating expenses (105,207) (64,833) (40,374) Operating loss 
 (172,223) (80,160) (92,063) Loss on investments 
 (1,000) (1,000) Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate (2,133) (647) (1,486) Net gain from extinguishment of debt 
 82,600 (82,600) Interest income 3,894 426 3,468 Interest expense (2,342) (2,536) 194 Other non-operating loss 
 (146) (146) Loss before income taxes 
 (173,950) (317) (173,633) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 49,161 (73) 49,234 Net loss 
 (124,789) (390) (124,399) 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental information: bitcoin BTC production during the period, in whole BTC (1) 
 2,070 3,490 (1,420) Average bitcoin per day, in whole BTC 22.5 37.9 (15.4) Total margin (total revenues less total cost of revenues) 
 (67,016) (15,327) (51,689) Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 
 (101,136) (53,548) (47,588) Total margin excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization: 
 Mining (2) 
 34,157 38,221 (4,064) Hosting services (2) 
 (37) (37) General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation (40,385) (13,917) (26,468) Installed Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) - at end of period (3) 
 36.9 23.1 13.8 Energized Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) - at end of period (3) 
 36.9 19.1 17.8 Average Operational Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) (4) 
 28.8 14.5 14.3 Cost per Petahash per day (5) 
 37.1 45.2 8.1 Share of available miner rewards 4.8 4.0 0.8 Number of blocks won 604 528 76 Transaction fees as a percentage of total 2.4 2.5 (0.1) Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: Net loss 
 (124,789) (390) (124,399) Interest income 
 (3,894) (426) (3,468) Interest expense 
 2,342 2,536 (194) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (49,161) 73 (49,234) Depreciation and amortization (6) 
 104,463 54,032 50,431 EBITDA (71,039) 55,825 (126,864) Stock compensation expense 
 23,340 5,511 17,829 Change in fair value of derivative instrument (7) 
 58,234 58,234 Early termination expenses and other (8) 
 11,304 11,304 Net gain from extinguishment of debt 
 (82,600) 82,600 Adjusted EBITDA 21,839 (21,264) 43,103 
 
 (1) Includes 46 and 23 bitcoin representing the Company s share of the equity method investee, Abu Dhabi Global Markets company (the ADGM Entity ), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 (2) Mining and hosting services margin excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization is calculated using revenues less cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, for mining and hosting services, respectively. 
 
 (3) The Company defines Energized Hash Rate as the total hash rate that could be generated if all installed and energized machines were running at 100 of manufacturers specifications. The Company uses this metric only as an indicator of progress in bringing mining rigs online. The Company defines Installed Hash Rate as the total hash rate that could be generated if all installed machines were running at 100 of manufacturers specifications. The Company uses this metric only as an indicator of progress in deploying mining rigs at its production sites. The Company believes that these metrics are useful as an indicator of potential bitcoin production. However, these metrics cannot be tied directly to any production level expected to be actually achieved as (a) there may be delays in the energization of Installed Hash Rate (b) the Company cannot predict when installed and energized mining rigs may be offline for any reason, including curtailment or machine failure and (c) the Company cannot predict Global Hash Rate (and therefore the Company's share of the Global Hash Rate), which has a significant impact on the Company's ability to generate bitcoin in any given period. 
 
 (4) Defined as the daily Average Operational Hash Rate online during the period. 
 
 (5) Cost per Petahash per day is calculated using mining cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, divided by the Average Operational Hash Rate, excluding the Company s share of the hash rate for the equity method investee, the ADGM Entity, by a factor of 1,000. 
 
 (6) Includes approximately 3.1 million of depreciation and amortization from the Company s share in the results of its equity method investee, the ADGM Entity, reported in Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 (7) For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the reported adjusted EBITDA was 528.8 million, revised for the change in fair value of derivative instrument of a 15.3 million loss, results in a revised adjusted EBITDA of 541.5 million. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the reported adjusted EBITDA loss was 85.1 million, revised for the change in fair value of derivative instrument of 38.3 million, results in a 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 revised adjusted EBITDA loss of 125.6 million. Refer to the discussion within Non-GAAP Financial Measures herein for the reasons of the Company s exclusion of change in fair value of derivative instrument from adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 (8) Early termination expenses represent amounts recognized as the cost to early terminate data center hosting agreements in addition to the gain (loss) on investments during the period. 
 
 Revenues : The Company generated revenues of 131.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 97.8 million in the prior year period. The 33.8 million or approximately 35 increase in revenues was primarily driven by a 74.0 million increase in the average price of bitcoin, partially offset by a 40.5 million decrease in bitcoin production due to the April 2024 halving event. The average price of bitcoin mined was 116 higher than the average price of bitcoin mined in the prior year period and average daily bitcoin production was 22.5 bitcoin in the current year period compared with 37.9 in the prior year period. The Company produced 1,420 less bitcoin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period primarily due to the halving event in April 2024 and increased global hashrate, partially offset by an increase in the Company s share of the network hashrate, which resulted in a 14 increase in number of blocks won. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the third-party site equipment failure and transmission line maintenance were completely resolved. 
 
 Cost of revenues mining during the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 97.1 million compared to 59.6 million in the prior year period. The 37.5 million or approximately 63 increase was primarily driven by the growth in the Company s hash rate from the deployment and energization of mining rigs compared to the prior year period. The Company s Cost per Petahash per day improved to 37.1 from 45.2, or approximately 18 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared with the prior year period, primarily due to strategic acquisitions with more efficient cost structures and deployment of more efficient miners. The Company believes Cost per Petahash per day to be a key metric to evaluate its operating costs and expects it to reduce as the Company grows its operations towards 50.0 exahash by the end of 2024. 
 
 Cost of revenues hosting services during the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 0.4 million which includes cost of power and other hosting related operating costs to provide hosting services. The Company exited this business during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to strategically focus on its owned and operated mining business. 
 
 Cost of revenues depreciation and amortization during the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 101.1 million compared to 53.5 million in the prior year period. The 47.6 million or approximately 89 increase was primarily due to the deployment of mining rigs since the prior year period, the acquisitions of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC and the Garden City Acquisition and overall increased scale of the business. 
 
 Total Margin was a loss of 67.0 million in the current year period compared to a loss of 15.3 million in the prior year period, a decrease of 51.7 million or approximately 337 . The following table summarizes the factors that impacted the decrease in total margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period: 
 
 Revenue: (in thousands) Higher average price of bitcoin produced and other revenue 74,006 Lower amount of bitcoin produced (40,549) Third-party hosting 341 Cost of revenue energy, hosting and other: Higher costs due to growth in hash rate (57,506) Decrease in hash costs and other costs 
 19,985 Third-party hosting (378) Cost of revenue depreciation and amortization: Increased due to deployment of mining rigs (41,665) Increased due to third-party hosting services (5,923) (51,689) 
 
 Total margin excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 34.1 million compared to 38.2 million in the prior year period. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses : General and administrative expenses were 63.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19.4 million in the prior year period, an increase of 44.3 million or approximately 228 . General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation was 40.4 million in the current year period compared to 13.9 million in the prior year period. This 26.5 million or approximately 190 increase in expenses was primarily due to the increased scale of the business and acquisitions, including payroll and benefits, professional fees, facility and equipment repair and maintenance expenses and other third-party costs associated with growth in the business. The increase in stock-based compensation of 23.3 million in the current year period compared to 5.5 million in the prior year period resulted from issuing the Company's 2023 performance-based stock awards in January 2024 and the introduction in May 2024 of a new long-term performance-based stock award program for 2024 that, unlike the 2023 stock award, meets the criteria to begin expensing immediately. The Company s headcount increased from 48 employees as of September 30, 2023 to approximately 130 employees as of September 30, 2024, further contributed to the increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Change in fair value of digital assets: The Company recognized a gain on digital assets of 30.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a loss of 44.7 million in the prior year period. The 74.8 million or approximately 167 increase was primarily related to the favorable mark-to-market adjustment in the current year period due to the increase in bitcoin price from 62,668 to 63,301, from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024, respectively, and the underlying digital assets held at the respective dates. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 26,747 bitcoin, an increase of 95 compared to the prior year period. The Company views bitcoin on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as an important treasury reserve asset and expects to continue to invest in the future. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative instrument : The Company acquired a commodity swap contract as a result of the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition. The fair value decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in the electricity forward curve prices during the current period compared to the contracted fixed price. 
 
 Research and development: Research and development expenses were 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.7 million in the prior year period. These expenses consisted primarily of contractor costs, supplies, personnel and related expenses for our mining and technology businesses. 
 
 Early termination expenses : During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company terminated the remaining hosting agreements with customers from the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition, and recognized early termination expenses of 10.3 million, to expand self-mining capacity. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets: During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a 0.2 million amortization expense for intangible assets. There was no amortization expense of intangible assets in the prior year period. 
 
 Loss on investments: During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote-down a previous SAFE investment for a loss of 1.0 million. 
 
 Net gain on extinguishment of debt : In September 2023, the Company entered into agreements with certain holders of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes to exchange an aggregate 416.8 million principal amount of 2026 Notes for 31,722,417 shares of the Company's common stock and recorded a gain in the amount of 82.6 million. 
 
 Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliate: During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded its share of net earnings for its 20 interest in the ADGM Entity in the amount of 2.1 million, compared to 0.6 million in the prior year period. The Company s share of the ADGM Entity s operating results included earnings from the production of 46 bitcoin and approximately 3.1 million of depreciation and amortization during the three months ended September 30, 2024, whereas in the prior year period, the Company s share of ADGM Entity s operating results included earnings from production of 23 bitcoin and approximately 0.5 million of depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Interest income : Interest income was 3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.4 million in the prior year period. The 3.5 million increase was primarily due to the higher average balance of cash and cash equivalents and interest earned on loaned bitcoin in the current year period. 
 
 Interest expense : Interest expense of 2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 remained relatively flat compared to the prior year period. Interest costs were impacted by the exchange of 416.8 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes for shares of the Company s common stock September 2023 and the issuance of the 2031 Notes during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Income tax benefit (expense) : The Company recorded income tax benefit of 49.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an income tax expense of 0.1 million in the prior year period. The 49.2 million income tax benefit primarily arises from the release of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, driven by the increase in bitcoin s fair value and positive forecasts for its future value. 
 
 Net loss : The Company recorded a net loss of 124.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net loss of 0.4 million in the prior year period. The 124.4 million decrease in net loss was primarily driven by a 92.1 million increase in operating loss, the absence of an 82.6 million net gain from the extinguishment of debt, partially offset by a 49.2 million income tax benefit in the current period compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA was 21.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of 21.3 million in the prior year period. The 43.1 million increase was primarily impacted by an increase in net loss, adjusted for an increase in stock compensation expense, and an unfavorable change in fair value derivative instrument, early termination expenses during the current period and the absence of a net gain from the extinguishment of debt from the prior year period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Favorable (dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 (Unfavorable) Revenues Mining 412,207 230,740 181,467 Hosting services 29,777 29,777 Total revenues 441,984 230,740 211,244 Costs and expenses Cost of revenues Mining (254,227) (148,227) (106,000) Hosting services (27,398) (27,398) Depreciation and amortization (266,939) (108,556) (158,383) Total cost of revenues (548,564) (256,783) (291,781) Operating expenses General and administrative expenses (194,154) (54,404) (139,750) Change in fair value of digital assets 370,896 117,868 253,028 Change in fair value of derivative instrument 
 (35,235) (35,235) Research and development 
 (9,124) (1,573) (7,551) Early termination expenses 
 (38,061) (38,061) Amortization of intangible assets (22,658) (22,658) Total operating expenses 71,664 61,891 9,773 Operating income (loss) 
 (34,916) 35,848 (70,764) Gain on investments 
 4,236 4,236 Loss on hedge instruments 
 (2,292) (2,292) Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate (825) (647) (178) Net gain from extinguishment of debt 
 82,267 (82,267) Interest income 8,655 1,366 7,289 Interest expense (4,967) (9,136) 4,169 Other non-operating income 
 67 67 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (30,042) 109,698 (139,740) Income tax benefit (expense) 
 42,767 (351) 43,118 Net income 
 12,725 109,347 (96,622) 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental information: bitcoin BTC production during the period, in whole BTC (1) 
 6,938 8,610 (1,672) Average bitcoin per day, in whole BTC 25.3 31.5 (6.2) Total margin (total revenues less total cost of revenues) 
 (106,580) (26,043) (80,537) Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 
 (266,939) (108,556) (158,383) Total margin excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization: 
 Mining 157,980 82,513 75,467 Hosting services 2,379 2,379 General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation (90,569) (40,497) (50,072) Installed Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) - at end of period 
 36.9 23.1 13.8 Energized Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) - at end of period 
 36.9 19.1 17.8 Average Operational Hash Rate (Exahashes per second) 
 23.6 11.1 12.5 Cost per Petahash per day 
 40.7 48.9 8.2 Share of available miner rewards 3.6 3.3 0.3 Number of blocks won 1,429 1,163 266 Transaction fees as a percentage of total 6.8 4.6 2.2 Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income 
 12,725 109,347 (96,622) Interest income 
 (8,655) (1,366) (7,289) Interest expense 
 4,967 9,136 (4,169) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (42,767) 351 (43,118) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 298,826 109,040 189,786 EBITDA 265,096 226,508 38,588 Stock compensation expense 
 103,585 13,907 89,678 Change in fair value of derivative instrument (3) 
 35,235 35,235 Early termination expenses and other 
 33,825 33,825 Net gain from extinguishment of debt 
 (82,267) 82,267 Adjusted EBITDA 437,741 158,148 279,593 
 
 (1) Includes 313 and 23 bitcoin representing the Company s share of the equity method investee, the ADGM entity, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 (2) Includes approximately 9.2 million of depreciation and amortization from the Company s share in the results of its equity method investee, the ADGM entity, reported in Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 (3) For the three months ended March 31, 2024, the reported adjusted EBITDA was 528.8 million, revised for the change in fair value of derivative instrument of a 15.3 million loss, results in a revised adjusted EBITDA of 541.5 million. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the reported adjusted EBITDA was 443.7 million, revised for the change in fair value of derivative instrument of 23.0 million, results in a revised adjusted EBITDA of 415.9 million. Refer to the discussion within Non-GAAP Financial Measures herein for the reasons of the Company s exclusion of change in fair value of derivative instrument from adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Revenues : The Company generated revenues of 442.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 230.7 million in the prior year period. The 211.2 million or approximately 92 increase in revenues was primarily driven by a 234.0 million increase in the average price of bitcoin mined, partially offset by a 52.6 million decrease in bitcoin production due to the April 2024 halving, and the inclusion of 29.8 million in revenues generated from providing hosting services as a result of the GC Data Center Hosting, LLC acquisition in January of 2024. The average price of bitcoin mined was 120 higher than the average price of bitcoin mined in the prior year period and average daily bitcoin production was 25.3 bitcoin in the current year period compared with 31.5 in the prior year period. The Company produced 1,672 less bitcoin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period primarily due to the halving event in April 2024, increased global hashrate and the continued impact of unexpected equipment failures at third-party operated sites and transmission line maintenance, partially offset by an increase in the Company s share of the network hashrate. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the third-party site equipment failure and transmission line maintenance were completely resolved. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of revenues mining during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 254.2 million compared to 148.2 million in the prior year period. The 106.0 million or approximately 72 increase was primarily driven by the growth in the Company s hash rate from the deployment and energization of mining rigs compared to the prior year period. Partially offsetting the increase was the impact of unexpected equipment failures and transmission line maintenance, which resulted in downtime that reduced hosting and energy costs. The Company s Cost per Petahash per day improved to 40.7 from 48.9, or approximately 17 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the prior year period, primarily due to strategic acquisitions with more efficient cost structures and deployment of more efficient miners. The Company believes Cost per Petahash per day to be a key metric to evaluate its operating costs and expects it to reduce as the Company grows its operations towards 50.0 exahash by the end of 2024. 
 
 Cost of revenues hosting services during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 27.4 million which includes cost of power and other hosting related operating costs to provide hosting services. Hosting services include results beginning January 12, 2024, the date of the acquisition of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC. As of September 30, 2024, the Company exited all hosting facilities to strategically focus on its owned and operating mining business. 
 
 Cost of revenues depreciation and amortization during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 266.9 million compared to 108.6 million in the prior year period. The 158.4 million or approximately 146 increase was primarily due to the deployment of mining rigs since the prior year period, the acquisitions of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC and the Garden City Acquisition and overall increased scale of the business. 
 
 Total Margin was a loss of 106.6 million in the current year period compared to a loss of 26.0 million in the prior year period, a decrease of approximately 80.5 million. The following table summarizes the factors that impacted the decrease in total margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Revenue: (in thousands) Higher average price of bitcoin produced and other revenue 234,024 Lower amount of bitcoin produced (52,557) Third-party hosting 29,777 Cost of revenue energy, hosting and other: Higher costs due to growth in hash rate (154,904) Decrease in hash costs and other costs 48,904 Third-party hosting (27,398) Cost of revenue depreciation and amortization: Increased due to deployment of mining rigs (147,113) Increased due to third-party hosting services (11,270) Total margin 
 (80,537) 
 
 Total margin excluding impact of depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 160.4 million compared to 82.5 million for the prior year period. 
 
 General and administrative expenses : General and administrative expenses were 194.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 54.4 million in the prior year period, an increase of 139.8 million or approximately 257 . General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation was 90.6 million in the current year period compared to 40.5 million in the prior year period. The 50.1 million or approximately 124 increase in expenses was primarily due to the increased scale of the business and acquisitions, including payroll and benefits, professional fees, facility and equipment repair and maintenance expenses, and other third-party costs associated with growth in the business. The increase in stock-based compensation of 103.6 million in the current year period compared to 13.9 million in the prior year period resulted from issuing the Company's 2023 performance-based stock awards in January 2024 and the introduction of a new long-term performance-based stock award program for 2024 in May 2024 that, unlike the 2023 stock award, meets the criteria to begin expensing immediately. The Company s headcount increased from 48 employees as of September 30, 2023 to approximately 130 employees as of September 30, 2024, further contributed to the increase in stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Change in fair value of digital assets : The Company recognized a gain on digital assets of 370.9 million, compared to a gain of 117.9 million in the prior year period. The 253.0 million or approximately 215 increase was primarily related to the increase in bitcoin price from 42,288 to 63,301 from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, respectively and the underlying digital assets held at the respective dates. As of September 30, 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 2024, the Company had 26,747 bitcoin, an increase of 95 compared to the prior year period. The Company views bitcoin on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as an important treasury reserve asset and expects to continue to invest in the future. 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative instrument : The Company acquired a commodity swap contract as a result of its acquisition of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC. The commodity swap contract hedges price variability in electricity purchases and expires on December 31, 2027. The commodity swap contract is a derivative instrument and remeasured at fair value each reporting period with changes recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in the electricity forward curve prices during the current year period compared to the contracted fixed price. 
 
 Research and development: Research and development expenses were 9.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.6 million in the prior year period. These expenses consisted primarily of contractor costs, supplies, personnel, and related expenses for our mining and technology businesses. 
 
 Early termination expenses : On January 30, 2024, the Company entered into a termination and transition agreement Agreement with the operator, US Bitcoin Corp USBTC ), of the two sites from the January 12, 2024, acquisition of GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC. The Company and USBTC agreed to terminate the acquired operating agreement for a termination fee of 19.5 million, net of deposit refund. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company terminated the remaining hosting agreements with customers from the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition, and recognized early termination expenses of 18.4 million, to expand self-mining capacity. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company fully amortized the customer relationships acquired in the GC Data Center Equity Holdings, LLC acquisition for 22.0 million, due to the Company s strategic decision to exit hosting services business and termination of customer relationships. There was no amortization expense of intangible assets in the prior year period. 
 
 Gain on investments: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased additional shares in Auradine, Inc. Auradine preferred stock and recorded a gain on investments of 5.2 million to adjust the carrying amount of its investment. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company wrote-down a previous SAFE investment for a loss of 1.0 million. 
 
 Net gain from extinguishment of debt: In March 2023, the Company prepaid the outstanding balance on its term loan facility with Silvergate Bank and terminated the term loan facility. The Company and Silvergate agreed to also terminate the Company s revolving credit facilities . In connection with the termination of the credit facility, the Company recorded a loss in the amount of 0.3 million. Additionally, i n September 2023, the Company entered into agreements with certain holders of 2026 Notes to exchange an aggregate 416.8 million principal amount of 2026 Notes for 31,722,417 shares of the Company's common stock and recorded a gain in the amount of 82.6 million. 
 
 Equity in net earnings of unconsolidated affiliate: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded its share of net losses for its 20 interest in the ADGM Entity in the amount of 0.8 million, compared to 0.6 million in the prior year period. The Company s share of the ADGM Entity s operating results included earnings from the production of 313 bitcoin, a 4.1 million impairment of property, plant and equipment and approximately 9.2 million of depreciation and amortization during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, whereas in the prior year period, the Company s share of ADGM Entity s operating results included earnings from production of 23 bitcoin and approximately 0.5 million of depreciation and amortization. 
 
 Loss on hedge instruments: During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a 2.3 million realized loss related to bitcoin hedging activities. The Company has significant bitcoin holdings on its balance sheet and from time to time will evaluate, as part of its risk management and treasury management process, short-term hedging or yield enhancing opportunities. The Company has an Investment Committee composed of cross functional members of its senior executive team that evaluates market conditions to set hedging, investments, and monetization of bitcoin strategies. There were no outstanding bitcoin hedging transactions as of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and there were no such activities in the prior year period. 
 
 Interest income : Interest income was 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.4 million in the prior year period. The 7.3 million increase was primarily due to the higher average balance of cash and cash equivalents and interest earned on loaned bitcoin in the current year period. 
 
 Interest expense : Interest expense was 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.1 million in the prior year period. The 4.2 million or approximately 46 decrease was a result of the exchange of 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 416.8 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes for shares of the Company s common stock in September 2023 and the issuance of the 2031 Notes during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) : The Company recorded income tax benefit of 42.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an income tax expense of 0.4 million in the prior year period. The 42.8 million income tax benefit primarily arises from the release of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, driven by the increase in bitcoin s fair value and positive forecasts for its future value. 
 
 Net income : The Company recorded net income of 12.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 109.3 million in the prior year period. The 96.6 million decrease in net income was primarily driven by a 70.8 million decrease in operating income (loss), the absence of an 82.3 million net gain from the extinguishment of debt, partially offset by a 7.3 million increase in interest income and a 43.1 million income tax benefit in the current period compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA was 437.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to adjusted EBITDA of 158.1 million in the prior year period. The 279.6 million increase was primarily impacted by the increase in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; adjusted for the increase in stock compensation expense and early termination expenses during the current period, and the absence of the net gain from extinguishment of debt from the prior year period. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 

The following table presents a summary of the Company s cash flow activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (363,596) (224,487) Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,232,255) (373) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,414,794 213,565 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (181,057) (11,295) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 357,313 112,505 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 176,256 101,210 
 
 Cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled 176.3 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 181.1 million from December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities resulted in a use of funds of 363.6 million, as net income, adjusted for non-cash and non-operating items, in the amount of 62.3 million was more than offset by the use of cash of 425.9 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. When the Company produces and holds bitcoin on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, it excludes such produced and held bitcoin from its operating cash flows. If the Company monetizes bitcoin in the future, those proceeds are reported as cash flows from investing activities. Changes in cash flows from operating assets and liabilities were driven by a use of funds associated with changes in digital assets of 412.0 million due to the non-cash adjustment for bitcoin mining revenues and deposits of 15.7 million resulting from increased deposits associated with hosting agreements. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a use of funds of 1,232.3 million, primarily resulting from the use of funds for advances to vendors of 584.8 million, purchase of digital assets of 395.6 million, payment for the acquisition of businesses of 275.8 million, capital expenditures of 64.3 million, and an investment in an equity method investee of 22.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of digital assets of 118.4 million. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities resulted in a source of cash of 1,414.8 million, primarily from the periodic issuance of common stock under the Company s 2024 ATM of 1,155.0 million, the issuance of the 2031 Notes of 291.6 million, net of issuance costs, partially offset by 29.0 million for the repurchase of shares in settlement of employee taxes upon restricted stock vesting. 

Bitcoin holdings as of September 30, 2024: At September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 26,747 bitcoin on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with a fair value of 1,693.1 million . The Company s holdings as of September 30, 2024 excluded 95 bitcoins owned by the Company s equity method investee, the ADGM Entity, but allocable to the Company, and pending distribution to the Company. At September 30, 2024, the fair value of a single bitcoin was approximately 63,301 . The Company expects that its future bitcoin holdings will generally increase but will fluctuate from time to time, both in number of bitcoin held and fair value in U.S. dollars, depending upon operating and market conditions. The Company intends to add to its bitcoin holdings primarily through its production activities and from time to time purchases. The Company historically sold bitcoin as a means of generating cash to fund monthly operating costs and for general corporate purposes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased 6,481 bitcoin for 392.6 million. During the quarter end September 30, 2024, the Company acquired 100.0 million bitcoin using cash on hand and 4,144 bitcoin, or approximately 249.0 million, using the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes as part of its strategy to hold bitcoin and not sell for the foreseeable future. As a result of the Company s adoption of the aforementioned strategy, the Company anticipates funding its operations and investing activities principally from available cash and cash equivalents and from its financing activities. 

Kaspa holdings as of September 30, 2024: In 2023, the Company began evaluating Kaspa as a potential way to diversify its revenue while continuing to utilize its current infrastructure and expertise in digital asset compute. After successfully deploying its first Kaspa ASICs in September 2023, the Company began scaling its operations. At September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 107,891,919 Kaspa coins on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets with a fair value of 17.1 million . At September 30, 2024, the fair value of a single Kaspa coin was approximately 0.1585 . The Company intends to add to its Kaspa holdings primarily through its production activities. As of now we incur significantly less cost to produce Kaspa in U.S. dollar terms, which helps pay for our expenses and allows us to hold a larger amount of bitcoin on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

At-the-Market Offering Programs and Proceeds: As of September 30, 2024, the Company has sold 34,785,661 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 665.7 million, net of offering costs, pursuant to the 2024 ATM. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources: Cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, totaled 164.3 million and the fair value of digital asset holdings was 1,710.2 million at September 30, 2024. The combined value of cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, and digital assets, as of September 30, 2024, was 1,874.5 million. 
 
 The Company expects to have sufficient liquidity, including cash on hand and access to public capital markets, to support ongoing operations in the next 12 months and beyond. The Company will continue to seek to fund its business activities, and especially its growth opportunities, through the public capital markets, primarily through periodic equity issuances using its at-the-market facilities. 
 
 The risks to the Company s liquidity outlook would include events that materially diminish its access to capital markets and/or the value of its bitcoin holdings and production capabilities, including: 
 
 Failure to effectively execute the Company s growth strategies; 
 
 Challenges in the bitcoin mining space and/or additional contagion events (such as the FTX collapse and subsequent bankruptcies of bitcoin mining companies in 2022 and 2023) which could damage the credibility of, and therefore, investor confidence in, companies engaged in the digital assets space, including MARA; 
 
 Declines in bitcoin prices and/or production, as well as impacts from bitcoin halving events, which would impact both the value of the Company s bitcoin holdings and its ongoing profitability; 
 
 Significant increases in electricity costs if these cost increases were not accompanied by increases in the price of bitcoin, as this would also reduce profitability; and 
 
 Deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, including the impacts of inflation and increased interest rates, as well as instability in the banking system. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS 
 
 The Company contracts with service providers for hosting its equipment and operational support in data centers where the Company s equipment is deployed. Under these arrangements, the Company expects to pay at a minimum approximately (i) 48.2 million during the remainder of calendar year 2024, (ii) 350.8 million in total payments during the calendar years 2025 through 2027, and (iii) 5.7 million in total payments during the calendar year 2028. Under certain of these arrangements, the Company is required to pay variable pass-through power and service fees in addition to these estimated minimum amounts. 
 
 The Company has purchase agreements to purchase miners and other mining equipment for a total purchase price of 880.8 million. As of September 30, 2024, we have made installment payments totaling 557.1 million. We expect to make periodic payments in accordance with the payment schedule with the final payment expected to occur during 2025. 
 
 Assuming the remaining 2026 Notes are not converted into common stock, repurchased or redeemed prior to maturity, (i) remaining interest payments relating to the 2026 Notes will approximate 0.8 million through the remainder of the calendar year 2024, (ii) annual interest payments of approximately 3.3 million in each calendar year from 2025 through 2026, and (iii) principal in the amount of 330.7 million upon the maturity in November 2026, will be payable under the 2026 Notes. For the recently issued 2031 Notes, assuming the 2031 Notes are not converted into common stock repurchased or redeemed prior to maturity, (i) remaining interest payments related to the 2031 Notes will approximate 1.6 million through the remainder of the calendar year 2024, (ii) annual interest payments of approximately 6.4 million in each calendar year from 2025 to 2031, and (iii) principal in the amount of 300.0 million upon maturity in September 2031, will be payable under the 2031 Notes. Refer to Note 14 Debt, for further information. 
 
 On October 15, 2024, the Company announced securing a 200.0 million line of credit, collateralized by a portion of the Company s bitcoin holdings. The Company plan to use the funds to capitalize on strategic opportunities and for other general corporate purposes. As of October 17, 2024, the facility was fully utilized. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 On October 16, 2024, the Company filed a renewed motion for judgement as a matter of law (or in the alternative for a new trial and remittitur), which, based on applicable law, seeks to overturn, or at minimum significantly reduce, the damage award. Also on October 16, 2024, the Company filed and a motion to correct the judgement s interest rate. Accordingly, the Company acquired a surety bond for the amount owing. Refer to Note 16 Legal Proceedings in the notes to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report, for further information. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The following accounting estimates relate to the significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates in the preparation of the Company s financial statements, and are those that it believes are the most critical to aid the understanding and evaluation of this management discussion and analysis: 
 
 Long-lived assets 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 Loss contingencies 
 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company has long-lived assets that consist primarily of property and equipment stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and impairment, as applicable. The depreciation charge is calculated on a straight-line basis and depends on the estimated useful lives of each type of asset and, in certain circumstances, estimates of fair values and residual values. The Company s property and equipment is primarily composed of digital asset mining rigs, which are largely homogeneous and have approximately the same useful lives. Accordingly, the Company utilizes the group method of depreciation for its digital asset mining rigs. The Company updates the estimated useful lives of its asset group of digital asset mining rigs periodically as information on the operations of the mining rigs indicate changes are required. The Company assesses and adjusts the estimated useful lives of its mining rigs when there are indicators that the productivity of the mining assets is higher or lower than the assigned estimated useful lives. 
 
 Management reviews the Company s long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of their carrying amount to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated thereby. If such assets are not recoverable based on that test, impairment is recorded in the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value as determined in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC 820. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The primary objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of income taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and to recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements or tax returns. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740 - Income Taxes , using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on enacted tax rates and are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Management must make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the Company s income tax benefit or expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company recognizes tax positions when they are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit greater than 50 likely of being realized. Each period, the Company evaluates tax positions and adjusts related tax assets and liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed in a Business Combination 
 
 The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 - Business Combinations , by recognizing the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, measured at the acquisition date fair value. The determination of fair value involves assumptions, estimates and judgments. Any purchase consideration in excess of the estimated fair values of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 Goodwill is not subject to amortization, and instead, assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount in accordance with ASC 350. 
 
 Loss Contingencies 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and governmental and/or regulatory reviews. Management periodically reviews estimates of potential costs to be incurred by the Company in connection with the adjudication or settlement, if any, of these matters. These estimates are developed, as applicable in consultation with outside counsel, and are based on an analysis of potential outcomes. In accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , loss contingencies are accrued if, in the opinion of management, an adverse outcome is probable and such financial outcome can be reasonably estimated. The accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our litigation strategy. It is possible that future results for any particular quarter or annual period may be materially affected by changes in our estimates or outcomes relating to these matters. 
 
 Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, liability insurance. In the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and/or consolidated cash flows. From time to time, we may challenge unfavorable outcomes and obtain surety bonds in connection therewith, and our exposure under such surety bonds will depend on the outcome of our challenge. We have in the past used, and may in the future use, borrowings under our master lending agreements or other financing sources to post such surety bonds, collateralized by bitcoin. If the price of bitcoin drops substantially, we may face a margin call on our borrowings under the master lending agreements, which would require us to provide additional collateral to avoid liquidation by lenders of pledged bitcoin to cover amounts owing. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The following discussion about our market risk exposures involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Market Price Risk of Bitcoin. We hold a significant amount of bitcoin, and as such, we are exposed to the impact of market price changes in bitcoin on its bitcoin holdings. This exposure would generally manifest itself in the following areas: 
 
 Declines in the fair market value of bitcoin will impact the cash value that would be realized if we were to sell our bitcoin for cash, therefore having a negative impact on our liquidity. 
 
 We occasionally enter into derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure resulting from fluctuations in the price of bitcoin. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we held approximately 26,747 bitcoin and the fair value of a single bitcoin was approximately 63,301, meaning that the fair value of our bitcoin holdings on that date was approximately 1,693.1 million. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below. 
 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control and Plan for Remediation 
 
 Based on its evaluation, management previously identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting that remained open as of year-end. The material weakness included: 
 
 A material weakness related to the ineffective design or implementation of information technology general controls or an alternative key manual control to prevent or detect material misstatements in revenue. 
 
 The material weaknesses associated with the design and implementation of the manual control over revenue recognition did not result in a material misstatement to the Company s previously issued Consolidated Financial Statements, nor in the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Remediation 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors and management take internal control over financial reporting and the integrity of its financial statements seriously. Management continues to work to improve its controls related to the material weaknesses described above. Management will continue to implement measures to remediate the material weaknesses, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. In order to achieve the timely implementation of the above, management has commenced the following actions and will continue to assess additional opportunities for remediation on an ongoing basis: 
 
 Continue to utilize external third-party audit and implementation firms under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX to enable the Company to improve the Company s controls related to its material weaknesses; and 
 
 Continue to evaluate existing processes and implement new processes and controls where necessary in connection with remediating the Company s material weaknesses, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 
 
 Continue to work and guide our vendors in the industry that are not accustomed to the requirements of SOX to enhance and progress the industry forward to be fully compliant with SOX. 
 
 The Company recognizes that the material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and can be tested and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. Because the Company s remediation efforts are ongoing, it cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that its internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 
 
 The Company continues to evaluate and work to improve its internal control over financial reporting related to the identified material weaknesses, and management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify the remediation plan described above. In addition, the Company will report the progress and status of the above remediation efforts to the Audit Committee on a periodic basis. 
 
 As part of the Company s ongoing program to implement changes and further improve its internal controls and in conjunction with is Code of Ethics, the Company s independent directors have been working with management to include protocols and measures aimed at ensuring quality of its internal controls. Among those measures is the 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 implementation of a whistle blower hotline, which allows third parties to anonymously report noncompliant activity. The hotline may be accessed as follows: 
 
 To file a report, use the Client Code MarathonPG and pick one of the following options: 
 
 Call: 1-877-647-3335 
 
 Click: http://www.RedFlagReporting.com 
 
 Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal controls over financial reporting other than the ongoing remediation efforts undertaken by management. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Other than as disclosed in Note 16 - Legal Proceedings in the notes to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report, we are presently not a party to any material litigation or regulatory proceeding and are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation or regulatory proceeding against us which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Other than the additional risk factors herein, we are not aware of any additional material changes to the risk factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of our Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. The risks described in our Annual Report are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, and future prospects. 
 
 We may experience liquidity constraints and need to raise additional capital. We may be unable to raise the additional capital needed to fund our operations and growth initiatives in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our financial obligations as they fall due. We have a planning and budgeting process to help determine the funds required to support our normal spending requirements on an ongoing basis and our growth plans. We currently settle our financial obligations out of cash and cash equivalents, including net proceeds from sales of common stock under the 2024 ATM. On October 15, 2024, we entered into master lending agreements with a consortium of lenders, securing an aggregate 200.0 million line of credit, which we may draw on upon posting digital asset collateral. However, the master lending agreements are uncommitted, and there is no certainty that market conditions will allow us to access the master lending agreements on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Further, if the price of bitcoin drops substantially, we may face a margin call on our borrowings under the master lending agreements, which would require us to provide additional collateral to avoid liquidation by lenders of pledged bitcoin to cover amounts owing. 
 
 If the price of bitcoin declines, and as we expect to need to raise additional capital to expand our operations and pursue our growth strategy, and to respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements, we may seek but fail to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could impair our growth and adversely affect our existing operations. If we were to obtain additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest, and the value of their investment could decline. Furthermore, if we were to obtain additional debt financing, our debtors likely would have priority over holders of equity with respect to order of payment preference. We may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or take other actions, including terms that require us to maintain a specified level of liquidity or other balance sheet ratios that may not be in the interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Regulatory changes or actions may restrict the use of digital assets or the operation of the Bitcoin network in a manner that adversely affects an investment in our securities. 
 
 Until recently, little regulatory attention was directed toward digital assets and the Bitcoin network by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign governments and self-regulatory agencies. As digital assets have grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of the Bitcoin network, digital asset users and the digital asset exchange market. Many of these entities have called for heightened regulatory oversight. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, including as a result of the 2024 U.S. presidential and congressional elections, our business and industry, and the price of digital assets, may be adversely affected. 
 
 Digital assets currently face an uncertain regulatory landscape in not only the United States but also in many foreign jurisdictions such as the European Union, China and Russia. While certain governments such as Germany, where the Ministry of Finance has declared bitcoin to be Rechnungseinheiten (a form of private money that is recognized as a unit of account, but not recognized in the same manner as fiat currency), have issued guidance as to how to treat bitcoin, most regulatory bodies have not yet issued official statements regarding intention to regulate or determinations on regulation of digital assets, the Bitcoin network and digital asset users. The effect of any future regulatory change on us, bitcoin, or other digital assets is impossible to predict, but could be substantial and adverse to us and could adversely affect an investment in our securities. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, one or more countries such as China and Russia may take regulatory actions in the future that severely restricts the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use digital assets or to exchange digital assets for fiat currency. Such an action may also result in the restriction of ownership, holding or trading in our securities. 
 
 Exercise or conversion of warrants and other convertible securities, along with new issuances of our common stock, will dilute our stockholders percentage of ownership. 
 
 We have issued convertible securities, options and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock to our officers, directors, consultants and certain stockholders. In the future, we may grant additional options, warrants and convertible securities. The exercise, conversion or exchange of options, warrants or convertible securities, including for other securities, will dilute the percentage ownership of our stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert such options, warrants and convertible securities at a time when it would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than such securities or when our common stock is trading at a price higher than the exercise or conversion price of the securities. The exercise or conversion of outstanding warrants, options and convertible securities will have a dilutive effect on the securities held by our stockholders. We have in the past, and may in the future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by other stockholders not participating in such exchange. 
 
 Additionally, our stockholders have experienced and will continue to experience dilution due to the issuance of our common stock through at-the-market offerings. Dilution could intensify as a result of our strategy to hold all of the bitcoin on our balance sheet, which may necessitate increased issuances through at-the-market offerings to fund our operations. 
 
 Our digital asset lending arrangements expose us to risks of nonrepayment by borrowers and operational and cybersecurity failures. 
 
 From time to time, we may generate income from digital asset lending arrangements. Lending digital assets involves risk of default, particularly in a highly volatile market. Borrowers may fail to repay their loans due to market downturns, fraud or other financial challenges. As our digital asset loans are unsecured, they would rank subordinate to a borrower s secured loans if the borrower becomes insolvent, which could result in substantial financial losses. 
 
 Additionally, digital asset lending platforms are susceptible to operational and cybersecurity risks. Technical failures, software bugs and system outages can disrupt lending activities or cause transaction errors. Cybersecurity breaches and attacks could result in the loss or theft of our loaned digital assets, leading to significant financial damage. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 54,661 22.56 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 193,467 19.19 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 58,216 15.56 Total 306,344 19.10 
 
 (1) The average price paid for shares in connection with vesting of restricted stock units are averages of the closing stock price at the vesting date, which is used to calculate the number of shares withheld. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Director and Officer Trading Plans and Arrangements 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or Section 16 officers , modified, or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description Form 
 Date of First Filing 
 Exhibit Number 
 Provided Herewith 
 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of MARA Holdings, Inc. 

X 
 4.1 Indenture, dated August 14, 2024, by and between Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association 
 Form 8-K 
 8/14/24 4.1 
 31.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X This certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 MARA HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Fred Thiel Name: Fred Thiel Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Salman Khan Name: Salman Khan Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

57 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31q3_2024.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

Exhibit 3.1 
 
 RESTATED 
 
 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 
 OF 
 
 MARA HOLDINGS, INC., 
 
 A Nevada corporation 

ARTICLE I 
 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation is MARA Holdings, Inc. (the Corporation ). 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 RESIDENT AGENT AND REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
 The name and address of the Corporation's resident agent for service of process is VCORP SERVICES, LLC, 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, NV, 89701, USA. 

ARTICLE III 
 
 CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 3.01 Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of stock this Corporation is authorized to issue shall be five hundred fifty million (550,000,000) shares. The stock is divided between two classes to be designated as Common Stock and Preferred Stock . 
 
 3.02 Common Stock . The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock shall be five hundred million (500,000,000) shares with par value of 0.0001 per share. 
 
 3.03 Preferred Stock . The total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock shall be fifty million (50,000,000) shares with par value of 0.0001 per share. The board of directors shall have the authority to authorize the issuance of the Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series, and to state in the resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted providing for the issuance thereof the following 

(a) Whether or not the class or series shall have voting rights, full or limited, the nature and qualifications, limitations and restrictions on those rights, or whether the class or series will be without voting rights 
 
 (b) The number of shares to constitute the class or series and the designation thereof 
 
 (c) The preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, if any, with respect to any class or series 
 
 (d) Whether or not the shares of any class or series shall be redeemable and if redeemable, the redemption price or prices, and the time or times at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such shares shall be redeemable and the manner of redemption 
 
 (e) Whether or not the shares of a class or series shall be subject to the operation of retirement or sinking funds to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares for retirement, and if such retirement or sinking funds be established, the amount and the terms and provisions thereof 
 
 (f) The dividend rate, whether dividends are payable in cash, stock of the Corporation, or other property, the conditions upon which and the times when such dividends are payable, the preference to or the relation to the payment of dividends payable on any other class or classes or series of stock, whether or not such dividend shall be cumulative or noncumulative, and if cumulative, the date or dates from which such dividends shall accumulate 
 
 (g) The preferences, if any, and the amounts thereof which the holders of any class or series thereof are entitled to receive upon the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of, or upon any distribution of assets of, the Corporation 
 
 (h) Whether or not the shares of any class or series are convertible into, or exchangeable for, the shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices or ratio or ratios or the rate or rates at which such exchange may be made, with such adjustments, if any, as shall be stated and expressed or provided for in such resolution or resolutions and 
 
 (i) Such other rights and provisions with respect to any class or series as may to the board of directors seem advisable. 
 
 The shares of each class or series of the Preferred Stock may vary from the shares of any other class or series thereof in any respect. The Board of Directors may increase the number of shares of the Preferred Stock designated for any existing class or series by a resolution adding to such class or series authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock not designated for any existing class or series of the Preferred Stock and the shares so subtracted shall become authorized, unissued and undesignated shares of the Preferred Stock. 

ARTICLE IV 
 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 The number of directors comprising the board of directors shall be fixed and may be increased or decreased from time to time in the manner provided in the bylaws of the Corporation, except that at no time shall there be less than one director. 

ARTICLE V 
 
 PURPOSE 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under Nevada Revised Statutes (''NRS''). 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITY 
 
 The individual liability of the directors and officers of the Corporation is hereby eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS, as the same may be amended and supplemented. Any repeal or modification of this Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 INDEMNITY 
 
 Every person who was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, or a person of whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless to the fullest extent legally permissible under the laws of the State of Nevada from time to time against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by him in connection therewith. Such right of indemnification shall be a contract right which may be enforced in any manner desired by such person. The expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the Corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. Such right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other right which such 

directors, officers or representatives may have or hereafter acquire, and, without limiting the generality of such statement, they shall be entitled to their respective rights of indemnification under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders, provision of law, or otherwise, as well as their rights under this Article. 
 
 Without limiting the application of the foregoing. the board of directors may adopt bylaws from time to time with respect to indemnification, to provide at all times the fullest indemnification permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, and may cause the Corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprises against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in any such capacity or arising out of such status, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person. 
 
 The indemnification provided in this Article shalt continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent, and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. 

Dated August 29, 2024 s Salman Khan Salman Khan Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311q3_2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Fred Thiel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MARA Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Fred Thiel Fred Thiel Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312q3_2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Salman Khan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MARA Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Salman Khan Salman Khan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321q3_2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (SUBSECTIONS (A) AND (B) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) 
 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of MARA Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, that 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Fred Thiel Fred Thiel Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) Dated November 12, 2024 
 By s Salman Khan Salman Khan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mara-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mara-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mara-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mara-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mara-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

