<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1612630_0001628280-24-046464.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9322799</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1572048</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3086442</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2357257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2018231</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046464.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107195223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JOINT Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				900544160
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36724
		FILM NUMBER:		241437651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16767 N PERIMETER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480 245 5960

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16767 N PERIMETER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046464.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 jynt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

jynt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________________ to _________________ 
 Commission file number: 
 The . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or 
 organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer Non- accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of Common Stock 0.001 par value) outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE 
 NO. 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Income Statements for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 SIGNATURES 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, especially in the Management s Discussion and Analysis or MD A, contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q could be deemed forward-looking statements, particularly statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue, intend, seek, strive, or the negative of these terms, mission, goal, objective, or strategy, or other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made based on our current expectations, forecasts, estimates and assumptions and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results or events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, uncertainties and risks that could affect our future results or operations as described from time to time in our SEC reports, including those risks outlined under Risk Factors which are contained in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in Part II, Item 1A of this or any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. These factors, uncertainties and risks may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information contained in the reports we file with or furnish to the SEC before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, other than in accordance with legal and regulatory obligations. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 
 
 The specific forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include the following: 
 
 that we seek to be the leading provider of chiropractic care in the markets we serve and to become the most recognized brand in our industry through the rapid and focused expansion of chiropractic clinics in key markets throughout North America and potentially abroad; 
 
 our belief that our monthly performance reports from our system and our clinics include key performance indicators per clinic, including gross sales, comparable same-store sales growth, or Comp Sales, number of new patients, conversion percentage and membership attrition; 
 
 our plan to re-franchise or sell the majority of our company-owned or managed clinics, which refined strategy will leverage our greatest strength - our capacity to build a franchise - to drive long-term growth for both our franchisees and The Joint as a public company; 
 
 our belief that the strong results with respect to our franchise licenses sold and our regional developers reflects the power of the regional developer program to accelerate the number of clinics sold, and eventually opened across the country; 
 
 our belief that we continue to have a sound business concept and will benefit from the fundamental changes taking place in the manner in which Americans access chiropractic care and their growing interest in seeking effective, affordable natural solutions for general wellness; 
 
 our belief that these trends join with the preference we have seen among chiropractic doctors to reject the insurance-based model to produce a combination that benefits the consumer and the service provider alike, and our belief that these forces create an important opportunity to accelerate the growth of our network; 
 
 our belief that recent events that may impact our business include unfavorable global economic or political conditions, such as the Ukraine War, the Israel-Gaza conflict, labor shortages, and inflation and other cost increases; 
 
 our anticipation that 2024 will continue to be a volatile macroeconomic environment; 
 
 our belief that we have created a robust framework for the re-franchising effort, organizing clinics into clusters, and generating comprehensive disclosure packets for marketing efficiency, and that we have received significant interest to date from our existing franchisees; 

Table of Contents 

 our goal to generate significant processes that will provide us with value creating capital allocation opportunities, which opportunities could include, but are not limited to, reinvestment in the brand and related marketing, continued investment in our IT platforms, the repurchase of regional development ("RD") territories, and/or a stock repurchase program; 
 
 our belief that our operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including the timing of new clinic sales, openings, closures, markets in which they are contained and related expenses, general economic conditions, cost inflation, labor shortages, consumer confidence in the economy, consumer preferences, competitive factors, and disease epidemics and other health-related concerns; 
 
 our belief that our existing cash and cash equivalents, our anticipated cash flows from operations and amounts available under our line of credit will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating and investment needs for at least the next 12 months; 
 
 our belief that we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business; and 
 
 our expectation that for the remainder of 2024, we expect to use or redeploy our cash resources to support our business within the context of prevailing market conditions, which, given the ongoing uncertainties described above, could rapidly and materially deteriorate or otherwise change. 
 
 Some of the important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 the nationwide labor shortage has negatively impacted our ability to recruit chiropractors and other qualified personnel, which may limit our growth strategy, and the measures we have taken in response to the labor shortage have reduced our net revenues; 
 
 inflation has led to increased labor costs and interest rates and may lead to reduced discretionary spending, all of which may negatively impact our business; 
 we may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy if our franchisees are unable to locate and secure appropriate sites for clinic locations, obtain favorable lease terms, and attract patients to our clinics; 
 we have limited experience operating company-owned or managed clinics in those geographic areas where we currently have few or no clinics, and we may not be able to duplicate the success of some of our franchisees; 
 short-selling strategies and negative opinions posted on the internet may drive down the market price of our common stock and could result in class action lawsuits; 
 we have previously identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting and we may fail to remediate future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or may otherwise be unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, which might negatively impact our ability to accurately report our financial results, prevent fraud, or maintain investor confidence; 
 we may fail to successfully design and maintain our proprietary and third-party management information systems or implement new systems; 
 we have restated our prior consolidated financial statements, which may lead to additional risks and uncertainties, including loss of investor confidence and negative impacts on our stock price; 
 we may fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data or to strategically implement, upgrade or consolidate existing information systems; 
 we may not be able to continue to sell franchises to qualified franchisees, and our franchisees may not succeed in developing profitable territories and clinics; 

Table of Contents 

 new clinics may not reach the point of profitability, and we may not be able to maintain or improve revenues and franchise fees from existing franchised clinics; 
 the chiropractic industry is highly competitive, with many well-established independent competitors, which could prevent us from increasing our market share or result in reduction in our market share; 
 state administrative actions and rulings regarding the corporate practice of chiropractic and prepayment of chiropractic services may jeopardize our business model; 
 expected new federal regulations and state laws and regulations regarding joint employer responsibility could negatively impact the franchise business model, increasing our potential liability for employment law violations by our franchisees and the likelihood that we may be required to participate in collective bargaining with our franchisees employees; 
 an increased regulatory focus on the establishment of fair franchise practices could increase our risk of liability in disputes with franchisees and the risk of enforcement actions and penalties; 
 adverse developments affecting institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance; 
 negative publicity or damage to our reputation, which could arise from concerns expressed by opponents of chiropractic and by chiropractors operating under traditional service models, could adversely impact our operations and financial position; 
 our IT security systems and those of our third-party service providers (as recently experienced by one of our marketing vendors) may be breached, and we may face civil liability and public perception of our security measures could be diminished, either of which would negatively affect our ability to attract and retain patients; 
 new SEC regulations governing disclosure about risk management, strategy and governance regarding cybersecurity risks and new requirements for reporting of cybersecurity incidents may increase our compliance costs; 
 legislation, regulations, as well as new medical procedures and techniques, could reduce or eliminate our competitive advantages; and 
 the delayed filing of one of our quarterly reports has made us currently ineligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 to register the offer and sale of securities, which could adversely affect our ability to raise future capital or complete acquisitions. 
 Additionally, there may be other risks that are otherwise described from time to time in the reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be considered in light of various important factors, including the risks and uncertainties listed above, as well as others. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 THE JOINT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Deferred franchise and regional development costs, current portion Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Deferred franchise and regional development costs, net of current portion Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets million and million attributable to VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Deposits and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable due to related parties (Note 13) Accrued expenses Co-op funds liability Payroll liabilities million and million attributable to VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Operating lease liability, current portion Finance lease liability, current portion Deferred franchise fee revenue, current portion Deferred revenue from company clinics million and million attributable to VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Upfront regional developer Fees, current portion Other current liabilities Liabilities to be disposed of million and million attributable to VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Total current liabilities Operating lease liability, net of current portion Finance lease liability, net of current portion Debt under the Credit Agreement Deferred franchise fee revenue, net of current portion Upfront regional developer fees, net of current portion 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Other liabilities million and million attributable to VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock shares as of September 30, 2024 and shares as of December 31, 2023, at cost 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total The Joint Corp. stockholders' equity Non-controlling Interest Total equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Revenues from company-owned or managed clinics 
 Royalty fees Franchise fees Advertising fund revenue Software fees Other revenues Total revenues Cost of revenues: Franchise and regional development cost of revenues IT cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Selling and marketing expenses Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Net loss on disposition or impairment Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) ) Basic weighted average shares Diluted weighted average shares 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Total The Joint Corp. stockholders' equity Non-controlling interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances, December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Net income Balances, March 31, 2024 (unaudited) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2024 (unaudited) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) ) Exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans Net loss ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 (unaudited) ) ) 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Total The Joint Corp. stockholders' equity Non-controlling interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Net income Balances, March 31, 2023, (unaudited) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2023 (unaudited) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures ) Exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 (unaudited) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Net loss on disposition or impairment (non-cash portion) Net franchise fees recognized upon termination of franchise agreements ) ) Deferred income taxes Stock based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Deferred franchise costs Deposits and other assets ) Assets and liabilities held for sale, net ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Payroll liabilities Deferred revenue ) ) Upfront regional developer fees ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of clinics Acquisition of CA clinics ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of finance lease obligation ) ) Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repayment of debt under the Credit Agreement ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 
 The following table represents supplemental cash flow disclosures and non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activity: Unpaid purchases of property and equipment Non-cash investment in acquisition of franchised clinics 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1: 
 For a discussion of significant estimates and judgments made in recognizing revenue, accounting for leases, long-lived asset impairments and accounting for income taxes, see Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Opened during the period Acquired during the period Sold during the period ) Closed during the period ) ) ) ) Clinics in operation at the end of the period Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Company-owned or managed clinics: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Clinics open at beginning of period Opened during the period Acquired during the period Sold during the period ) ) Closed during the period ) ) ) Clinics in operation at the end of the period Total clinics in operation at the end of the period Clinic licenses sold but not yet developed Future clinic licenses subject to executed letters of intent 
 PCs. If an entity is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the entity is required to consolidate the VIE in its financial statements. An entity is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb the majority of losses of the VIE or the right to receive the majority of benefits from the VIE. In accordance with relevant accounting guidance, these PCs were determined to be VIEs, as fees paid by the PCs to the Company as its management service provider are considered variable interests because the fees do not meet all the following criteria: (1) the fees are compensation for services provided and are commensurate with the level of effort required to provide those services; (2) the decision maker or service provider does not hold other interests in the VIE that individually, or in the aggregate, would absorb more than an insignificant amount of the VIE s expected losses or receive more than an insignificant amount of the VIE s expected residual returns; and (3) the service arrangement includes only terms, conditions, or amounts that are customarily present in arrangements for similar services negotiated at arm s length. Additionally, the Company has determined that it has the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact the performance of these PCs and has an obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits which could potentially be significant to the PCs. Accordingly, the PCs are VIEs for which the Company is the primary beneficiary and are consolidated by the Company. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses Income tax expense 
 The carrying amount of the VIEs assets and liabilities was immaterial as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, except for the balances as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Deferred tax assets Payroll liabilities Deferred revenue from company managed clinics Liabilities to be disposed of Other liabilities 
 The Company had cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had an allowance for expected credit losses of . 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized. When items of property or equipment are sold or retired, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in income. The net losses on disposed of or retired property or equipment were recorded 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The losses on disposed of or retired property or equipment were recorded in net loss on disposition or impairment of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 or more renewal options, generally for the same period as the initial term of the lease. The exercise of lease renewal options is generally at the Company s sole discretion and, as such, the Company typically determines that exercise of these renewal options is not reasonably certain. As a result, the Company does not include the renewal option period in the expected lease term and the associated lease payments are not included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. When available, the Company uses the rate implicit in the lease to discount lease payments; however, the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for substantially all of its leases. In such cases, the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate as the interest rate it would pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments over a similar term, with similar collateral as in the lease and in a similar economic environment. The Company estimates these rates using available evidence such as rates imposed by third-party lenders to the Company in recent financings or observable risk-free interest rate and credit spreads for commercial debt of a similar duration, with credit spreads correlating to the Company s estimated creditworthiness. 
 
 For operating leases that include rent holidays and rent escalation clauses, the Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term from the date it takes possession of the leased property. Pre-opening costs are recorded as incurred in general and administrative expenses. Variable lease payments, such as percentage rentals based on location sales, periodic adjustments for inflation, reimbursement of real estate taxes, any variable common area maintenance and any other variable costs associated with the leased property are expensed as incurred and are also included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated income statements. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 certain leases were terminated early with the landlord as a result of corporate clinic closures. The net losses to terminate the leases were recorded in net loss on disposition or impairment of and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. No leases were terminated during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset Total Net loss on disposition or impairment 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, property and equipment, net, ROU assets and franchise rights related to asset groups determined to not be recoverable were written down from their carrying values to their respective fair values resulting in the following non-cash impairment losses: 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets, net Total Net loss on disposition or impairment 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, intangible assets related to a clinic planned for closure with a total carrying amount of approximately million was written down to . As a result, the Company recorded a noncash impairment loss of approximately million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

A valuation allowance of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included in assets held for sale on its condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, certain clinics classified as held for sale at December 31, 2023 no longer met the criteria for held for sale. As a result, the Company reclassified million from assets held for sale to million in property and equipment, net and million in ROU assets and reclassified million from liabilities to be disposed of to million in operating lease liability and million in deferred revenue from company clinics. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million in net loss disposition and impairment on the condensed consolidated income statement to adjust the carrying values of (i) property and equipment, net down to million and (ii) ROU 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million for the depreciation and amortization that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as held and used as of September 30, 2024. 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets, net Impairment on assets held for sale Assets held for sale Impairment on long-lived assets previously held for sale reclassified as held for use Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Loss on disposal of assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Loss (gain) on sale of assets ) Total Net loss on disposition or impairment 
 of gross sales and a marketing and advertising fee currently equal to of gross sales. Royalties, including franchisee contributions to advertising funds, are calculated as a percentage of clinic sales over the term of the franchise agreement. The revenue accounting standard provides an exception for the recognition of sales-based royalties promised in exchange for a license (which generally requires a reporting entity to estimate the amount of variable consideration to which it will be entitled in the transaction price). Franchise agreement royalties, inclusive of advertising fund contributions, represent sales-based royalties that are related entirely to the Company s performance obligation under the franchise agreement and therefore, such royalties are recognized as franchisee clinic level sales occur. Royalties are collected semi-monthly two working days after each sales period has ended. 
 Franchise Fees. The Company requires the entire non-refundable initial franchise fee to be paid upon execution of a franchise agreement, which typically has an initial term of years. Initial franchise fees are recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the term of the franchise agreement. The Company s services under the franchise agreement include training of franchisees and staff, site selection, construction/vendor management and ongoing operations support. The Company provides no financing to 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 of sales generated by franchised clinics within their exclusive geographical territory. Initial fees related to the sale of franchises within their exclusive geographical territory are initially deferred as deferred franchise costs and are recognized as an expense in franchise cost of revenues when the respective revenue is recognized, which is generally over the term of the related franchise agreement. Royalties of of sales generated by franchised clinics in their regions are also recognized as franchise cost of revenues as franchisee clinic level sales occur. This fee is funded by the royalties collected from the franchisees in their regions. Certain regional developer agreements result in the regional developer acquiring the rights to existing royalty streams from clinics already open in the respective territory. In those instances, the revenue associated from the sale of the royalty stream is recognized over the remaining life of the respective franchise agreements. The Company did not enter into any new regional developer agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Termination costs to reacquire the regional developer rights were and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Termination costs to reacquire the regional developer rights were and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Advertising expenses were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Advertising expenses were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Unvested restricted stock and stock options Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Basic (loss) earnings per share ) ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per share ) ) ) 
 The following common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Weighted average dilutive securities: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Restricted stocks Stock options 
 . 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Note 2: 
 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The franchise arrangement is documented in the form of a franchise agreement. The franchise arrangement requires the Company to perform various activities to support the brand that do not directly transfer goods and services to the franchisee, but instead represent a single performance obligation, which is the transfer of the franchise license. The intellectual property subject to the franchise license is symbolic intellectual property as it does not have significant standalone functionality and substantially all of the utility is derived from its association with the Company s past or ongoing activities. The nature of the Company s promise in granting the franchise license is to provide the franchisee with access to the brand s symbolic intellectual property over the term of the license. The services provided by the Company are highly interrelated with the franchise license and as such are considered to represent a single performance obligation. 
 The transaction price in a standard franchise arrangement primarily consists of (a) initial franchise fees, (b) continuing franchise fees (royalties), (c) advertising fees, and (d) software fees. The revenue accounting standard provides an exception for the recognition of sales-based royalties promised in exchange for a license (which otherwise requires a reporting entity to estimate the amount of variable consideration to which it will be entitled in the transaction price). 
 The Company recognizes the primary components of the transaction price as follows: 
 Initial and renewal franchise fees, as well as transfer fees, are recognized as revenue ratably on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective franchise agreement, commencing with the execution of the franchise, renewal or transfer 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue recognized over time Total Revenue 
 Rollforward of Accounts Receivable 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Cash received against accounts receivable included at the beginning of the year ) Net increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Rollforward of Contract Liabilities and Contract Assets 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Balance at December 31, 2023 Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability at the beginning of the year ) Net increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Changes in the Company s contract liability for deferred franchise fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Deferred Revenue short and long-term Balance at December 31, 2022 Balance at December 31, 2023 Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability at the beginning of the year ) Net increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 The Company s deferred franchise and development costs represent capitalized sales commissions. Changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Deferred Franchise and Development Costs short and long-term Balance at December 31, 2022 Balance at December 31, 2023 Cost of revenue recognized that was included in the contract asset at the beginning of the year ) Net increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3: 
 operating franchised clinics in California (the CA Clinics Purchase ). As of the acquisition date, the Company operated the franchises as company-managed clinics. The total purchase price for the transactions was to the seller (of which was paid in the third quarter of 2023)., less of net deferred revenue, resulting in total purchase consideration of . 
 
 Based on the terms of the purchase agreement, the CA Clinics Purchase has been treated as an asset purchase under GAAP as there were no outputs or processes to generate outputs acquired as part of these transactions. Under an asset purchase, assets are recognized based on their cost to the acquiring entity. Cost is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values and does not give rise to goodwill. 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets Total assets acquired Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liability - current portion ) Operating lease liability - net of current portion ) Net purchase consideration 
 Intangible assets in the table above primarily consisted of reacquired franchise rights of million amortized over their estimated useful lives of six to , customer relationships of million amortized over an estimated useful life of , and assembled workforce of million amortized over an estimated useful life of . 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 In 2023, the Company initiated plans to re-franchise the majority of its corporate-owned or managed clinics with plans to retain a small portion of high-performing clinics. In Q3 2024, the Company expanded the re-franchising plan to include additional clinic markets of company-owned and company-managed clinics, marketing the clinics in clusters grouped by proximity to larger private equity firms. The clustered clinics are in varying stages of sales negotiations with approximately of the Company's corporate clinic portfolio expected to close within with an estimated fair value of million at September 30, 2024. The clinics sold or classified as held for sale at September 30, 2024 under the re-franchise plan did not represent a strategic shift that would have a major effect. As a result, the results of these clinics will continue to be reported in the Company s operating results and in its Corporate Clinics segment until the sales are each finalized. Effective with the designation as held for sale, the Company discontinued recording depreciation on property and equipment, net, amortization of intangible assets, net and amortization of ROU assets for the clinics as required by GAAP. The Company also separately classified the related assets and liabilities of the clinics as held for sale in its September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As a result of the change in the re-franchising marketing strategy during the three months ended September 30, 2024, there were certain high performing clinics with an estimated value of million classified as held for sale at December 31, 2023 that no longer met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as it was no longer probable the clinics will sell within one year. As of September 30, 2024, the Company reclassified million from assets held for sale to million in property and equipment, net and million in operating lease right-of-use assets and reclassified million from liabilities to be disposed of to million in operating lease liability and million in deferred revenue from company clinics. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million in net loss disposition and impairment on the condensed consolidated income statement to adjust the carrying values of (i) property and equipment, net down to million and (ii) 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million for any depreciation or other expense that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as held and used as of September 30, 2024. 
 Long-lived assets that meet the criteria for the held for sale designation are reported at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less estimated cost to sell. As a result of its evaluation of the recoverability of the carrying value of the assets and liabilities held for sale relative to the agreed upon sales prices or the clinics estimated fair values, the Company recorded an estimated loss on disposal of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and an estimated loss on disposal of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in net loss on disposition or impairment in its condensed consolidated income statement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the sale of company-owned and managed clinics classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2023 for a combined sales price of million, the Company sold million assets held for sale, net of a million valuation allowance and million of liabilities to be disposed of in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. As a result of the sales, the Company recorded a gain of and in net loss disposition and impairment on the condensed consolidated income statement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset Intangible assets, net Goodwill Valuation allowance ) ) Total assets held for sale Liabilities Operating lease liability, current and non-current Deferred revenue from company clinics Total liabilities to be disposed of 
 
 The pre-tax income of the clinics designated as held for sale was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the results of which exclude the allocation of overhead. The pre-tax income of the clinics designated as held for sale was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the results of which exclude the allocation of overhead. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4: 
 Leasehold improvements Software developed Finance lease assets Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Construction in progress Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Amortization expense related to finance lease assets was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense related to finance lease assets was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Construction in progress at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 principally related to construction costs for company-owned or managed clinics and to the development of software. 
 
 Note 5: 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any financial instruments that were measured on a recurring basis as Level 1, 2 or 3. 
 The Company s non-financial assets, which primarily consist of goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and instead are reported at their carrying amount. However, on a periodic basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million based upon Level 2 inputs and million based upon Level 3 inputs. As a result, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of million to adjust the carrying value of the disposal group to fair value less cost to sell as of September 30, 2024. 
 Long-lived assets classified as held and used where the asset group was not determined to be recoverable are tested for impairment. The asset group was determined to be the clinic level, as this is the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. The long-lived assets fair values were determined by the following: Level 1 inputs, which included observable inputs from executed lease termination agreements; Level 2 inputs where available, which included using a valuation multiple (e.g, price per square foot) based on observable prices for comparable long-lived assets; and Level 3 inputs, which included the multiple earnings approach using the Company's historical earnings trend data, comparable historical asset sales by the Company and franchisees that were not exact matc hes, and (for calculating the fair value of intangible assets specifically) the Company s historical experience, future projections and comparable market data include future cash flows, long-term growth rates, attrition rates and discount rates. 
 The carrying values of these asset groups impaired to their fair value during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included ROU assets of million that were written down to million determined by Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. The carrying values of these asset groups impaired to their fair value also included property and equipment, net of million that were written down to million and reacquired rights of that were written down to both determined by Level 3 inputs discussed above. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment loss of million and million, respectively, included in the net loss, disposition and impairment on the condensed consolidated income statement for impairment of long-lived assets classified as held and used where the asset group was not determined to be recoverable. 
 
 Note 6: 
 million, million and million of reacquired franchise rights, customer relationships and acquired workforce, respectively, from the CA Clinics Purchase (see Note 3, Acquisitions and Assets Held for Sale ). 
 ) Customer relationships ) Assembled workforce ) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 ) Customer relationships ) Assembled workforce ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to the Company s intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024, no further amortization expense is expected for the remainder of 2024 and subsequent years as a result of the remaining net carrying value of intangible assets being reclassified as assets held for sale. 
 
 Note 7: 
 , including a revolver (the "Revolver") and a development line of credit (the "Line of Credit"). The Revolver included amounts available for letters of credit of up to and an uncommitted additional amount of . All outstanding principal and interest on the Revolver was due on February 28, 2022. 
 On February 28, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Facilities (as amended, the 2022 Credit Facility with the Lender. Under the 2022 Credit Facility, the Revolver increased to (from ), the portion of the Revolver available for letters of credit increased to (from ), the uncommitted additional amount increased to (from and the developmental Line of Credit of was terminated. The Revolver will be used for working capital needs, general corporate purposes and for acquisitions, development and capital improvement uses. At the option of the Company, borrowings under the 2022 Credit Facility bear interest at: (i) the adjusted SOFR rate, plus , plus , payable on the last day of the selected interest period of one, three or six months and on the three-month anniversary of the beginning of any six-month interest period, if applicable; or (ii) an Alternative Base Rate (ABR), plus , payable monthly. The ABR is the greatest of (A) the prime rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal); (B) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York rate, plus ; and (C) the adjusted one-month term SOFR rate. Amounts outstanding under the Revolver on February 28, 2022 continued to bear interest at the rate selected under the Credit Facilities prior to the amendment until the last day of the interest period in effect, at which time, if not repaid, the amounts outstanding under the Revolver will bear interest at the 2022 Credit Facility rate. As a result of this refinance, of current maturity of long-term debt was reclassified to long-term as of December 31, 2021. The 2022 Credit Facility will terminate and all principal and interest will become due and payable on the fifth anniversary of the amendment, which will occur on February 28, 2027. On January 17, 2024, the Company paid down the outstanding balance on its Debt under the Credit Agreement of . 
 
 The Credit Facilities contain customary events of default, including but not limited to nonpayment; material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violations of covenants, certain bankruptcies and liquidations, cross-default to material indebtedness, certain material judgments, and certain fundamental changes such as a merger or sale of substantially all assets (as further defined in the Credit Facilities). The Credit Facilities require the Company to comply with customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including minimum interest coverage and maximum net leverage. A breach of any of these operating or financial covenants would result in a default under the Credit Facilities. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts then outstanding, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. The Credit Facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets, including the assets in the Company s company-owned or managed clinics. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial and non-financial covenants under the Credit Agreement, and there is outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 8: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 and the contractual term, which is generally . The Company will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of utilizing such method. The risk-free interest rate is based on United States Treasury yields in effect at the date of grant for periods corresponding to the expected stock option term. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical and forecasted turnover, which is approximately . 
 The Company did not grant options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense for stock options was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense for stock options was and , respectively. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Restricted stock granted to employees generally vests in equal annual installments, although on March 5, 2024, the Company granted shares of restricted stock as part of a special award to certain executive employees that vest in installment on the first anniversary of the grant. Restricted stock granted to non-employee directors typically vests in full after the date of grant. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock was and , respectively. 
 
 Note 9: 
 million and income tax benefit of million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded income tax expense of million and million, respectively. The Company s effective tax rates differ from the federal statutory tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to change in valuation allowance. The Company s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to nondeductible meals and entertainment, change in valuation allowance, and state taxes. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differs from the statutory rate primarily due to permanent differences, discrete items and state taxes. 
 
 Note 10: 
 Interest on lease liabilities Other income (expense), net Total finance lease costs Operating lease costs General and administrative expenses Total lease costs 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease liability - current portion Operating lease liability - net of current portion Total operating lease liability Finance Leases: Property and equipment, at cost Less accumulated amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Finance lease liability - current portion Finance lease liability - net of current portion Total finance lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Finance lease Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Non-cash transactions: ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Operating lease Finance lease 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Total lease obligations Less: Current obligations ) ) Long-term lease obligation 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company held an operating lease that has not yet commenced for space to be used by the Company s new corporate clinic. The lease is expected to result in additional ROU assets and liabilities of approximately million. This lease is expected to commence during the fourth quarter of 2024, with a lease term of . 
 Guarantee in Connection with the Sale of the Divested Business 
 In connection with the sale of a company-managed clinic in 2022, the Company guaranteed future operating lease commitment assumed by the buyers. The Company is obligated to perform under the guarantee if the buyers fail to perform under the lease agreement at any time during the remainder of the lease agreement, which expires on May 31, 2027. At the date of sale, the undiscounted maximum potential future payments totaled million. As of September 30, 2024, the undiscounted remaining lease payments under the agreement totaled million. The Company had not recorded a liability with respect to the guarantee obligation as of September 30, 2024, as the Company concluded that payment under the lease guarantee was not probable. 
 Litigation 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to litigation and claims from time to time. The Company maintains insurance to cover certain litigation and claims. 
 During Q2 2024, the Company entered into settlement agreements from litigation related to employment matters of million that was outside the normal course of business. Additionally, ongoing litigation related to a medical injury claim between a patient ("the Claimant") and the Company filed on September 5, 2023 has progressed to mediation. Although the Company intends to defend the claims vigorously, the Claimant and the Company recently agreed to participate in non-binding mediation of their dispute before a neutral mediator. At this time, the mediation process between the Claimants and the Company is ongoing with a range of possible settlement outcomes between million and million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has accrued million as an estimate of settlement costs related to the matter. The expense from the accrual is fully offset by a receivable recorded as the estimated settlement is within the Company's insurance plan. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred litigation expenses, including settlement costs related to employment matters and a medical injury claim that were outside the normal course of business of million and million, respectively, included as general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated income statement. 
 
 Note 11: 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 operating business segments and non-operating business segment. The Corporate Clinics segment is composed of the operating activities of the company-owned or managed clinics. As of September 30, 2024, the Company operated or managed clinics under this segment. The Franchise Operations segment is composed of the operating activities of the franchise business unit. As of September 30, 2024, the franchise system consisted of clinics in operation. Corporate is a non-operating segment that develops and implements strategic initiatives and supports the Company s operating business segments by centralizing key administrative functions such as finance and treasury, information technology, insurance and risk management, legal and human resources. Corporate also provides the necessary administrative functions to support the Company as a publicly-traded company. A portion of the expenses incurred by Corporate are allocated to the operating segments. 
 operating business segments. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Corporate clinics Franchise operations Total revenues Depreciation and amortization: Corporate clinics Franchise operations Corporate administration Total depreciation and amortization Segment operating income (loss): Corporate clinics ) ) ) ) Franchise operations Total segment operating income Reconciliation of total segment operating income to consolidated loss before income taxes: Total segment operating income Unallocated corporate ) ) ) ) Consolidated loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) (Loss) income before income tax expense ) ) ) 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Franchise operations Total segment assets Unallocated cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Unallocated property and equipment Other unallocated assets Total assets 

Note 12: 
 million related to the ERC application. The million ERC is subject to a consulting fee. The Company s eligibility remains subject to audit by the IRS for a period of five years. 
 
 Since there are no generally accepted accounting principles for for-profit business entities that receive government assistance that is not in the form of a loan, an income tax credit or revenue from a contract with a customer, the Company determined the appropriate accounting treatment by analogy to other guidance. The Company accounted for the ERC by analogy to International Accounting Standards IAS 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, of International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
 Under an IAS 20 analogy, a business entity would recognize the ERC on a systematic basis over the periods in which the entity recognizes the payroll expenses for which the grant (i.e., tax credit) is intended to compensate when there is reasonable assurance (i.e., it is probable) that the entity will comply with any conditions attached to the grant and the grant (i.e., tax credit) will be received. 
 
 The Company accounted for the million ERC, net of the consulting fee, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as other income on the Statement of Income when the Company was reasonably assured that it met all requirements of the ERC and the grant would be received. The ERC refund is not taxable; however, the credit is subject to expense disallowance rules which increased income tax expense as a discrete item by million, net of the consulting expense deduction, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Note 13: 
 
 as of September 30, 2024) was appointed to the Board of Directors effective as of January 2, 2024. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 franchise licenses at and each (which reflects the multi-unit discount for the second license per the Franchise Disclosure Document) to Marshall Gramm, who is a family member of Mr. Jefferson Gramm. In April 2020 and 2021, we sold franchise licenses at and , respectively (which reflects the multi-unit discount for the second license per the Franchise Disclosure Document), to a franchisee of which Mr. Jefferson Gramm is a co-partner in the business. 
 
 These transactions involved terms no less favorable to us than those that would have been obtained in the absence of such affiliation. Although we have no way of estimating the aggregate amount of franchise fees, royalties, advertising fund fees, IT related income and computer software fees that these franchisees will pay over the life of the franchise licenses, the franchisees affiliated with Mr. Gramm are subject to such fees under the same terms and conditions as all other franchisees. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these franchisees affiliated with Mr. Gramm paid and , respectively, for such royalties and other fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these franchisees affiliated with Mr. Gramm paid and , respectively, for such royalties and other fees. 
 
 In October 2020, Mr. Gramm loaned approximately to an unaffiliated franchisee that owns and operates franchise clinic. The loan is not secured by the assets of the business and there are no foreclosure rights. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining balance on the unsecured loan was . 
 
 As of the three months ended September 30, 2024, as presented on the face of the balance sheet at September 30, 2024, the Company owes Mr. Gramm . The payable is a result of professional service costs incurred by the Company and initially paid by Mr. Gramm during the confidential chief executive search. These costs were fully reimbursed to Mr. Gramm on October 31, 2024. 
 
 Note 14: 
 million for payments that will be made as a result of the separation agreement through September 2025. 
 Appointment of Sanjiv Razdan as President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Effective October 14, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Sanjiv Razdan as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 In connection with Mr. Razdan s appointment, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Razdan, effective as of October 14, 2024 (the Employment Agreement ). Under the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Razdan is entitled to an annual base salary of (subject to annual review by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof). Mr. Razdan is also eligible to participate in the Company s executive compensation programs, to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof, and to receive annual and periodic stock-based compensation awards as determined by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof. Mr. Razdan is entitled to receive other standard benefits, participation in any group insurance, pension, retirement, vacation, expense reimbursement, relocation program (as applicable), and other plans, programs, and benefits approved by the Company s Board of Directors or a committee thereof and made available from time to time to other executive employees of the Company, and certain insurance benefits. 
 
 Mr. Razdan is entitled to a monthly travel and living allowance of and to severance benefits upon certain termination events. 
 
 On October 14, 2024, the Company also entered into a Stock Option Agreement and a Restricted Stock Award Agreement with Mr. Razdan providing awards of Stock Options and Restricted Stock Award with an aggregate value of on the date of grant. The awards qualify as inducement grants under rules of the Nasdaq stock exchange and are in addition to future annual grants that Mr. Razdan may receive under the terms of the Employment Agreement and the Company s existing 2024 Incentive Stock Plan. 
 
 Ongoing litigation 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has accrued million as an estimate of settlement costs related to the matter. The expense from the accrual is fully offset by a receivable recorded as the estimated settlement is within the Company's insurance plan. 
 Repayment of related party accounts payable 
 in accounts payable due to related parties (See Note 13, Related Party Transactions 
 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024. 
 
 Overview 
 Our principal business is to develop, own, operate, support and manage chiropractic clinics through direct ownership, management arrangements, franchising and regional developers throughout the United States. 
 We seek to be the leading provider of chiropractic care in the markets we serve and to become the most recognized brand in our industry through the rapid and focused expansion of chiropractic clinics in key markets throughout North America and potentially abroad. 
 Key Performance Measures. We receive monthly performance reports from our system and our clinics that include key performance indicators per clinic, including gross sales, comparable same-store sales growth, or Comp Sales, number of new patients, conversion percentage and membership attrition. In addition, we review monthly reporting related to system-wide sales, clinic openings, clinic license sales, adjusted EBITDA and various earnings metrics in the aggregate and per clinic. We believe these indicators provide us with useful data with which to measure our performance and to measure our franchisees and clinics performance. Comp Sales include the sales from both company-owned or managed clinics and franchised clinics that in each case have been open at least 13 full months and exclude any clinics that have closed. System-wide sales include sales at all clinics, whether operated by us or by franchisees. While franchised clinic sales are not recorded as revenues by us, management believes the information is important in understanding the overall brand s financial performance, because these sales are the basis on which we calculate and record royalty fees and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. Adjusted EBITDA consists of net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, acquisition related expenses (which includes contract termination costs associated with reacquired regional developer rights), stock-based compensation expense, bargain purchase gain, (gain) loss on disposition or impairment, costs related to restatement filings, restructuring costs, litigation expenses (consisting of legal and related fees for specific proceedings that arise outside of the ordinary course of our business) and other income related to the ERC. There were no costs related to bargain purchase gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Key Clinic Development Trends . As of September 30, 2024, we and our franchisees operated or managed 963 clinics, of which 838 were operated or managed by franchisees and 125 were operated as company-owned or managed clinics. Of the 125 company-owned or managed clinics, 58 were constructed and developed by us, and 67 were acquired from franchisees. 
 
 Our current strategy is to grow through the sale and development of additional franchises. After evaluating options for improvement, during 2023 the board authorized management to initiate a plan to re-franchise or sell the majority of our company-owned or managed clinics. During Q3 2024, the Company expanded the re-franchising plan to include the full portfolio of company-owned and company-managed clinics, marketing the clinics in clusters grouped by proximity to larger private equity firms. This refined strategy will leverage our greatest strength - our capacity to build a franchise - to drive long-term growth for both our franchisees and The Joint as a public company. We have created a robust framework for the re-franchising effort, 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 organizing clinics into clusters, and generating comprehensive disclosure packets for marketing efficiency. We have given initial preference to existing franchisees and in Q3 2024 have expanded the marketing efforts to larger private equity firms interested in purchasing and operating large market-based clinic clusters and have received significant interest to date in most markets. Our goal will be to generate significant processes that will provide us with value creating capital allocation opportunities. These opportunities could include, but are not limited to, reinvestment in the brand and related marketing, continued investment in our IT platforms, the repurchase of RD territories, and/or a stock repurchase program. 
 The number of franchise licenses sold for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 55, compared with 75 and 156 licenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We ended the first nine months in 2024 with 16 regional developers who were responsible for 38 of the 29 licenses sold during the period. This strong result reflects the power of the regional developer program to accelerate the number of clinics sold, and eventually opened, across the United States. 
 We believe that we continue to have a sound business concept and will benefit from the fundamental changes taking place in the manner in which Americans access chiropractic care and their growing interest in seeking effective, affordable natural solutions for general wellness. These trends join with the preference we have seen among chiropractic doctors to reject the insurance-based model to produce a combination that benefits the consumer and the service provider alike. We believe that these forces create an important opportunity to accelerate the growth of our network. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 Recent events that may impact our business include unfavorable global economic or political conditions, such as the Ukraine War, the Israel-Gaza conflict, labor shortages, and inflation and other cost increases. We anticipate that 2024 will continue to be a volatile macroeconomic environment. 
 
 The primary inflationary factor affecting our operations is labor costs. In 2023 and 2024, clinics company-owned or managed by us were negatively impacted by labor shortages and wage increases, which increased our general and administrative expenses. Further, should we fail to continue to increase our wages competitively in response to increasing wage rates, the quality of our workforce could decline, causing our patient service to suffer. While we anticipate that these continued headwinds will be partially mitigated by pricing actions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to take such pricing actions. A continued increase in labor costs could have an adverse effect on our operating costs, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the increase in interest rates and the expectation that interest rates will continue to remain elevated may adversely affect patients financial conditions, resulting in reduced spending on our services. While the impact of these factors continues to remain uncertain, we will continue to evaluate the extent to which these factors will impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These and other uncertainties with respect to these recent events could result in changes to our current expectations. 
 
 Other Significant Events and/or Recent Developments 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the prior year period: 
 System-wide comp sales of clinics that have been open for at least 13 full months increased 4 . 
 
 System-wide comp sales for mature clinics open 48 months or more decreased (2) . 
 
 System-wide sales for all clinics open for any amount of time increased 8 . 
 
 On June 24, 2024, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which we repurchased the right to develop franchises in various counties in Maryland. The total consideration for the transaction was 0.6 million. We carried an upfront regional developer fee liability balance associated with this transaction of 0.1 million, representing the unrecognized fee collected upon the execution of the regional developer agreement. We accounted for the termination of development rights associated with unsold or undeveloped franchises as a cancellation, and the associated upfront regional developer fee liability was netted against the aggregate purchase price. We recognized the net amount of 0.5 million as a general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Effective October 10, 2024, Peter D. Holt resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Effective October 14, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Sanjiv Razdan as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including the timing of new clinic sales, openings, closures, markets in which they are contained and related expenses, general economic conditions, cost inflation, labor shortages, consumer confidence in the economy, consumer preferences, competitive factors, and disease epidemics and other health-related concerns. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There were no changes in our critical accounting estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from those set forth in Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial results encompasses our consolidated results and results of our two business segments: Corporate Clinics and Franchise Operations. 
 Total Revenues - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Components of revenues were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Revenues: Revenues from company-owned or managed clinics 17,544,658 17,882,303 (337,645) (1.9) Royalty fees 7,870,033 7,143,791 726,242 10.2 Franchise fees 697,688 754,029 (56,341) (7.5) Advertising fund revenue 2,247,663 2,050,106 197,557 9.6 IT related income and software fees 1,431,321 1,301,577 129,744 10.0 Other revenues 407,127 342,143 64,984 19.0 Total revenues 30,198,490 29,473,949 724,541 2.5 
 Consolidated Results 
 Total revenues increased by 0.7 million, primarily due to the continued expansion and revenue growth of our franchise base. 
 Corporate Clinics 
 Revenues from company-owned or managed clinics decreased, primarily due to the divestitures of our company-owned or managed clinics in 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 125 and 136 company-owned or managed clinics in operation, respectively. 
 Franchise Operations 
 Royalty fees and advertising fund revenue increased due to an increase in the number of franchised clinics in operation during the current period, along with continued sales growth in existing franchised clinics. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 838 and 778 franchised clinics in operation, respectively. 
 Software fees revenue increased due to an increase in our franchised clinic base and the related revenue recognition over the term of the franchise agreement as described above. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues primarily consisted of merchant income associated with credit card transactions. 
 Total Revenues - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Components of revenues were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Revenues: Revenues from company-owned or managed clinics 52,730,898 52,813,098 (82,200) (0.2) Royalty fees 23,303,907 21,181,973 2,121,934 10.0 Franchise fees 2,072,665 2,179,822 (107,157) (4.9) Advertising fund revenue 6,654,974 6,043,563 611,411 10.1 IT related income and software fees 4,233,133 3,746,394 486,739 13.0 Other revenues 1,185,640 1,117,103 68,537 6.1 Total revenues 90,181,217 87,081,953 3,099,264 3.6 
 Consolidated Results 
 Total revenues increased by 3.1 million, primarily due to the continued expansion and revenue growth of our franchise base. 
 Corporate Clinics 
 Revenues from company-owned or managed clinics decreased slightly, primarily due to the divestitures of our company-owned or managed clinics in 2024, partially offset by improved same-store sales growth in newer clinics. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 125 and 136 company-owned or managed clinics in operation, respectively. 
 Franchise Operations 
 Royalty fees and advertising fund revenue increased due to an increase in the number of franchised clinics in operation during the current period, along with continued sales growth in existing franchised clinics. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 838 and 778 franchised clinics in operation, respectively. 
 Franchise fees decreased due to the impact of accelerated revenue recognition resulting from the terminated franchise license agreements in the current period compared to the prior period. 
 Software fees revenue increased due to an increase in our franchised clinic base and the related revenue recognition over the term of the franchise agreement as described in Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition , to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Other revenues primarily consist of merchant income associated with credit card transactions. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of Revenues 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Three Months Ended September 30, 2,823,267 2,604,100 219,167 8.4 Nine Months Ended September 30, 8,366,014 7,674,296 691,718 9.0 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, the total cost of revenues increased primarily due to an increase in the number of franchised clinics in operation during the current period, along with continued sales growth in existing franchised clinics in regional developer regions. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the total cost of revenues increased primarily due to an increase in the number of franchised clinics in operation during the current period, along with continued sales growth in existing franchised clinics in regional developer regions. 
 Selling and Marketing Expenses 
 Selling and Marketing Expenses 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Three Months Ended September 30, 4,762,395 4,301,017 461,378 10.7 Nine Months Ended September 30, 14,050,343 13,169,079 881,264 6.7 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, selling and marketing expenses increased due to increase in advertising fund expenditures from a larger franchise base and an increase in local marketing expenditures by the company-owned or managed clinics. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the selling and marketing expenses increase was driven by the in-person national franchise conference held in 2024 as well as by increased advertising fund expenditures from a larger franchise base and an increase in local marketing expenditures by the company-owned or managed clinics. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Three Months Ended September 30, 1,239,233 2,349,206 (1,109,973) (47.2) Nine Months Ended September 30, 4,166,952 6,893,529 (2,726,577) (39.6) 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to no depreciation and amortization expenses recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the assets held for sale at September 30, 2024. 
 General and Administrative Expenses General and Administrative Expenses 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Three Months Ended September 30, 20,754,264 20,212,750 541,514 2.7 Nine Months Ended September 30, 63,588,864 60,156,022 3,432,842 5.7 
 General and administrative expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due (i) an increase in payroll and related expenses of 0.5 million to support continued clinic count and revenue growth in both operating segments and the re-franchising efforts in the corporate clinic segment and (ii) an increase in professional and legal fees of 0.5 million mostly due to the costs incurred from the chief executive search partially offset by (iii) a decrease of 0.5 million utilities and facilities expense due to the discontinuance of amortization expense on ROU assets held for sale. General and administrative expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the litigation expenses, including settlement costs related to employment matters that were outside the normal course of business of 1.5 million, an increase in professional and legal fees of 0.5 million due to the chief executive search, and increases in the following to support continued clinic count and revenue growth in both operating segments and to support the re-franchising efforts in the corporate clinic segment: (i) payroll and related expenses of 2.2 million; (ii) professional and advisory fees of 0.7 million; and (iii) legal and accounting fees of 0.4 million 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 partially offset by a decrease in utilities and facilities expenses in the corporate clinic segment of 1.9 million due to the discontinuance of amortization expense on ROU assets held for sale. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 71 and 69 , respectively. 
 Loss from Operations - Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Loss from Operations (3,185,887) (898,047) (2,287,840) 254.8 
 Consolidated Results 
 Consolidated loss from operations increased by 2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the re-franchising efforts in the corporate clinics segment. 
 Corporate Clinics 
 Our corporate clinics segment had loss from operations of 2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.8 million compared to loss from operations of 931,366 for the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to: 
 decrease in revenues of 0.3 million from company-owned or managed clinics; plus 
 1.5 million net increase in operating expenses due to the re-franchising efforts with changes in the following: (i) an increase in net loss on disposition or impairment of 2.9 million, (ii) an increase in selling and marketing expenses of 0.2 million, (iii) a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 1.1 million, (iv) and a decrease in utilities and facilities expenses of 0.5 million. 
 Franchise Operations 
 Our franchise operations segment had income from operations of 5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.5 million, compared to income from operations of 5.1 million for the prior year period. This decrease was primarily due to: 
 increase of 1.1 million in total revenues; partially offset by 
 increase in cost of revenue of 0.2 million driven primarily by an increase in the number of franchised clinics in operation during the current period, along with continued sales growth in existing franchised clinics in regional developer regions, 
 increase in selling and marketing expenses of 0.3 million driven by an increase in advertising fund expenditures from a larger franchise base; and 
 increase of 0.1 million in payroll-related expenses. 
 Unallocated Corporate 
 Unallocated corporate expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 0.9 million compared to the prior year period, primarily due to an increase of 0.7 million of professional services primarily related to the chief executive search and IT support plus increases in payroll-related expenses of 0.3 million partially offset by decrease in accounting and legal fees of 0.1 million. 
 Loss from Operations - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Loss from Operations (5,593,597) (1,925,711) (3,667,886) 190.5 
 Consolidated Results 
 Consolidated loss from operations increased by 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in unallocated corporate expenses partially offset by increased total revenues of 3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Corporate Clinics 
 Our corporate clinics segment had loss from operations of 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.2 million compared to loss from operations of 1.3 million for the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to: 
 decrease in revenues of 0.1 million from company-owned or managed clinics; plus 
 0.5 million increase in payroll-related expenses; offset by 
 0.2 million decrease in selling and marketing expenses; and 
 0.2 million net decrease in operating expenses due to the re-franchising efforts with changes in the following: (i) a decrease in depreciation and amortization expense of 2.8 million, (ii) a decrease in utilities and facilities expenses of 1.9 million, and (iii) an increase in net loss on disposition or impairment of 4.5 million. 
 Franchise Operations 
 Our franchise operations segment had income from operations of 14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.0 million, compared to income from operations of 13.9 million for the prior year period. This increase was primarily due to: 
 increase of 3.2 million in total revenues; plus 
 decrease of general and administrative expenses related to reacquired regional developer rights of 0.3 million; partially offset by 
 increase of 0.7 million in cost of revenues primarily due to an increase in regional developer royalties; and 
 increase of 1.5 million in operating expenses, primarily due to an increase in: (i) selling and marketing expenses resulting from a larger franchise base of 1.1 million, (ii) payroll-related expenses of 0.7 million, partially offset by (iii) reacquired franchise rights of 0.3 million in 2023. 
 Unallocated Corporate 
 Unallocated corporate expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4.5 million compared to the prior year period, primarily due to litigation expenses, including settlement costs related to employment matters that were outside the normal course of business of 1.5 million incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and no comparable costs for the same period in 2023 plus increases in state and local taxes of 0.1 million, increases in insurance costs of 0.1 million and increases in the following to support the re-franchising strategy efforts: (i) payroll and related expenses of 1.1 million; (ii) professional and advisory fees of 1.2 million; (iii) and legal and accounting fees of 0.5 million. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Other income (expense), net 83,333 (6,244) 89,577 1,434.6 
 Other income (expenses), net increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased interest expense due to the pay down of the outstanding balance on our Debt under the Credit Agreement in 2024. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Other income (expense), net 198,873 3,708,399 (3,509,526) 94.6 
 Other income (expenses), net decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the recognition and receipt of the 3.8 million of ERC, net of the consulting fee, in the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by net interest income (expense) of 0.3 million. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 2024 2023 Change from Prior Year Percent Change from Prior Year Three Months Ended September 30, 62,585 (188,018) 250,603 (133.3) Nine Months Ended September 30, 419,834 493,286 (73,452) (14.9) 
 Income tax expense increased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased earnings in the variable interest entities partially offset by a change in the valuation allowance assessment as of December 31, 2023 at the Joint Corp. 
 Income tax expense decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased earnings before income tax expense and a change in the valuation allowance assessment as of December 31, 2023 at the Joint Corp, which was partially offset by increased earnings at the variable interest entities. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The table below reconciles net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Non-GAAP Financial Data: Net (loss) income (3,165,139) (716,273) (5,814,558) 1,289,402 Net interest expense (83,333) 6,244 (198,873) 70,905 Depreciation and amortization expense 1,239,233 2,349,206 4,166,952 6,893,529 Tax expense (benefit) 62,585 (188,018) 419,834 493,286 EBITDA (1,946,654) 1,451,159 (1,426,645) 8,747,122 Stock compensation expense 430,250 526,069 1,475,710 1,209,296 Acquisition related expenses 15,222 478,710 873,214 Loss on disposition or impairment 3,805,218 904,923 5,602,641 1,114,738 Restructuring costs 153,182 454,457 Litigation expenses (9,000) 1,481,000 Other income related to the ERC (3,779,304) Adjusted EBITDA 2,432,996 2,897,373 8,065,873 8,165,066 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA consists of net income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, acquisition related expenses (which includes contract termination costs associated with reacquired regional developer rights), stock-based compensation expense, bargain purchase gain, (gain) loss on disposition or impairment, costs related to restatement filings, restructuring costs, litigation expenses (consisting of legal and related fees for specific proceedings that arise outside of the ordinary course of our business) and other income related to the ERC. There were no costs related to restatement filings or bargain purchase gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. We have provided Adjusted EBITDA because it is a non-GAAP measure of financial performance commonly used for comparing companies in our industry. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA as a substitute for operating profit as an indicator of our operating performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently from other companies. 
 
 We believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing our financial measures with other outpatient medical clinics, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. In addition, you should be aware when evaluating Adjusted EBITDA that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. Our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had unrestricted cash and short-term bank deposits of 20.7 million and 20 million of available capacity under the Line of Credit. While unfavorable global economic or political conditions create potential liquidity risks, as discussed further below, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, our anticipated cash flows from operations, our anticipated cash flows from investments as we execute our re-franchising strategy and amounts available under our Line of Credit will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating and investment needs for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 While the interruptions, delays and/or cost increases resulting from, political instability and geopolitical tensions, economic weakness, inflationary pressures, increase in interest rates and other factors have created uncertainty as to general economic conditions for 2024 and beyond, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. For the remainder of 2024, we expect to use or redeploy our cash resources to support our business within the context of prevailing market conditions, which, given the ongoing uncertainties described above, could rapidly and materially deteriorate or otherwise change. Our long-term capital requirements could be dependent on our ability to access additional funds through the debt and/or equity markets. If the equity or debt markets deteriorate, including as a result of economic weakness, political unrest or war, or any other reason, it may make any necessary equity or debt financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner and on favorable terms, if at all, and if obtained, it 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 may be more costly or more dilutive. From time to time, we consider and evaluate transactions related to our portfolio and capital structure, including debt financings, equity issuances, purchases and sales of assets, and other transactions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain the capital necessary to meet our short and long-term capital requirements. 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 6.0 million to 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 11.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the receipt of the 4.8 million ERC in the prior period, in addition to an increase in general and administrative expenses over the prior year period. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 0.5 million and 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this included proceeds from sales of clinics of 0.4 million, and purchases of property and equipment of 0.9 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, this included acquisitions of 1.1 million, and the purchases of property and equipment of 3.8 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.0 million, compared to 0.2 million in net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this included paying down the outstanding balance on its Debt under the Credit Agreement of 2.0 million. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements that may impact our financial statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk appearing in Part II, Item 7(a), Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving such objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our management concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Information regarding our legal proceedings is discussed in Note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We documented our risk factors in Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since the filing of that Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of our company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description of Document 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (filed herewith). 
 32 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith, not filed 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 THE JOINT CORP. 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 THE JOINT CORP. Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Sanjiv Razdan Sanjiv Razdan Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: November 7, 2024 By: /s/ Jake Singleton Jake Singleton Chief Financial and Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 jynt-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Sanjiv Razdan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of The Joint Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Sanjiv Razdan Sanjiv Razdan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 jynt-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15a-14(a) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Jake Singleton, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of The Joint Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jake Singleton Jake Singleton Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 jynt-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Joint Corp. (the Company ), for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his or her capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 By s Sanjiv Razdan Sanjiv Razdan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated November 7, 2024 
 By s Jake Singleton Jake Singleton Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated November 7, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 jynt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 jynt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 jynt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 jynt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 jynt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

