<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1727255_0001683168-24-008081.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3314879</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74649</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>666240</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>794034</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>754177</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>954129</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008081.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114145255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chilean Cobalt Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001727255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				823590294
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-268335
		FILM NUMBER:		241460632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1199 LANCASTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-580-8697

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1199 LANCASTER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			BERWYN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008081.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 chilean_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. 10-Q 

Table
of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _____ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

There were shares of the registrant s
common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding as of November 14, 2024. 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. 

Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 5 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 27 

Item 5. Other Information 
 27 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 27 

Signature Page 
 29 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued service expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized and and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

3 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATION AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Three-Months Ended 
 Nine-Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of mineral exploration 

General and administrative 

Depreciation 

Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income 

Loss before income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted-average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

4 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at March 31, 2023 

Issuance of Common Stock in a private placement 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at June 30, 2023 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at September 30, 2023 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balances at December 31, 2023 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at March 31, 2024 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at June 30, 2024 

Foreign currency translation 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances at September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

5 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS 

Nine-Months Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

6 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of . 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern over a longer term is dependent on the Company s ability to raise the financing necessary to complete the exploration and
development of cobalt and copper mines and bring mining operations into production and commercialization. 

With a cash balance of as of September
30, 2024, the Company may not have sufficient financial resources to continue its operations for the next 12 months. Historically the
Company has funded its operations with the private placement of equity, debt, and related party loans. However, raising capital sufficient
to continue exploration and bring the Company into production and commercialization is dependent on continued discussions with potential
off-take partners, debt providers, alternative lenders and investors and is a material uncertainty. There can be no assurance as to the
availability or terms upon which such financing or capital might be available. As a result of these factors, there is substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

of its common stock. All common stock amounts have been retroactively adjusted for the forward stock split for all
periods presented and for all references in this Report unless stated otherwise. 

and , respectively, and the Company s
cash equivalents were - - and - -, respectively. 

to years. Capitalized costs may also include buildings or improvements to
land, which if applicable, have useful lives ranging from to years. 

Gains and losses are reflected in income or expense
upon sale or retirement of assets. Expenditures that extend the useful lives of property, plant and equipment or increase productivity
are capitalized. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred through operating expense. We periodically evaluate whether
events or circumstances indicate that the net book value of our property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable. 

Costs are capitalized when it has been determined
an ore body can be economically developed. The development stage begins at new projects when our management and/or board of directors
make the decision to bring a mine into commercial production and ends when the production state, or extraction of reserves, begins. The
production stage of a mine commences when salable materials, beyond a de minimis amount, are produced. 

Exploration costs include those relating to activities
carried out (a) in search of previously unidentified mineral deposits or (b) at undeveloped concessions. Pre-development activities involve
costs incurred in the exploration stage that may ultimately benefit production and are expensed due to lack of evidence of economic development,
which is necessary to demonstrate future recoverability of these expenses. Costs for exploration, evaluation, and pre-development, including
drilling costs related to those activities (discussed further below), and repairs and maintenance on capitalized property and equipment
are charged to operations as incurred. 

Drilling, development, and related costs are either
classified as exploration, pre-development or secondary development as defined above, and charged to operations as incurred, or capitalized
based on the following criteria: 

whether the costs are incurred to further define mineralization at and adjacent to existing reserve areas or intended to assist with mine planning within a reserved area; 

whether the drilling or development costs relate to an ore body that has been determined to be commercially mineable, and a decision has been made to put the ore body into commercial production; 

whether, at the time the cost is incurred: (a) the expenditure embodies a probable future benefit that involves a capacity, singly or in combination with other assets, to contribute directly or indirectly to future net cash inflows, (b) we can obtain the benefit and control others access to it, and (c) the transaction or event giving risk to our right to or control of the benefit has already occurred. 

If all of these criteria are met, drilling, development
and related costs are capitalized. Drilling and development costs not meeting all of these criteria are expensed as incurred. The following
factors are considered in determining whether or not the criteria listed above have been met, and whether capitalization of drilling and
development costs is appropriate: 

Completion of a favorable economic study and mine plan for the ore body targeted; 

authorization of development of the ore body by management and/or the board of directors; and 

there is a justifiable expectation, based on applicable laws and regulations, that issuance of permits or resolution of legal issues and/or contractual requirements necessary for us to have the right to or control of the future benefit from the targeted ore body have been met. 

Drilling and related costs at our properties as
of and for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively, and the three-months ended September 30, 2024,
and September 30, 2023, respectively, did not meet our criteria for capitalization. 

When assets are retired or sold, the costs and
related allowances for depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the
current period net income (loss). 

impairments. Baltum presently owns 2,635 hectares of exploitation-level
mining concessions in the San Juan mining district, which were recorded as fully impaired and written down to -0- value from approximately
 8.8 million on the Company s facility located in the Atacama Region of Chile. Under a funding level that allows the Company to
focus on exploration, Baltum will continue its exploration activities under these mining concessions toward proving the existence of cobalt
and/or copper. Depending on the outcome of the exploration activities, the Company would then consider seeking a preliminary economic
assessment, preliminary feasibility study, or definitive feasibility study to validate the expected profitability of constructing a plant
to extract the target minerals and process them into saleable products. 

The value of the exploitation mining concessions
owned by Baltum has yet to be independently substantiated by a valuation or any level of feasibility study. As of September 30, 2024,
and December 31, 2023, these mining concessions had a value of - - and - -, respectively on the Company s condensed consolidated
balance sheets. 

- million and - - million for the three-months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and - - million and - -
million for the nine-months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 740, Accounting for Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, income tax
expense includes federal and state taxes currently payable and deferred taxes arising from temporary differences between income for financial
reporting and income tax purposes. 

In accordance with ASC 740, the Company has evaluated
its tax positions. A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would
be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax
benefit that has a likelihood of being realized on examination of more than 50 percent. For tax positions not meeting the more
likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Under the more likely than not threshold guidelines, the Company
believes no significant uncertain tax positions exist, either individually or in the aggregate, that would give rise to the non-recognition
of an existing tax benefit. The Company s policy is to account for interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as a component of income tax expense. The Company is currently not under examination with any federal, state, or foreign taxing authorities.
In addition, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties as of and for the three-months and
nine-months ended September 30, 2024. 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses for the nine-months ended
September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, amounted to - - and , respectively, and for the three-months ended September 30, 2024,
and September 30, 2023, amounted to - - and , respectively. 

Employee benefits 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding as of September 30, 2024, or December 31, 2023. 

Common Stock 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
authorizes the Company to issue shares of par value common stock. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023,
there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to
one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders. 

2024 Issuances: 

During the nine-months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued to a vendor upon billing on March 19, 2024, for a year of services at the fair value price on the date of issuance of per share, which equates to total annual compensation paid in the amount of . Since the stock had not traded as of the date of issuance, the 0.26 per share was used as it was the offering price for the most recently completed private placement capital raise by the Company on April 12, 2023. The stock-based compensation is being amortized quarterly for the year of service. As of September 30, 2024, of the stock-based compensation is reflected in the financial statements. 

2023 Issuances: 

During the twelve-month period ended December
31, 2023, the Company issued the following shares of common stock: 

shares were issued to investors at 0.256666667 per share to satisfy the Stock to be issued liability that existed on March 31, 2023. shares were issued to investors at 0.256666667 per share for total proceeds of , during the three-month period ended March 31, 2023. 

In aggregate, shares were issued to investors for total proceeds of . 

Forward Stock Split 

On May 2, 2023, the Company effected a of its common stock. All common stock amounts have been retroactively adjusted for the forward stock split for all
periods presented and for all references in this Report unless stated otherwise. 

Stock Options 

On April 26, 2022, the board adopted, and by shareholder
consent achieved on April 29, 2022, the shareholders approved the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ),
which allows awards for up to 5,850,000 options to purchase shares of its Common Stock at prevailing fair value exercise prices
at the time of each award. There were options to purchase 5,611,254 shares of its Common Stock, net of forfeitures, awarded
under the 2022 Plan as of September 30, 2024. The purposes of the 2022 Plan are (i) to attract and retain the best available personnel
for positions of substantial responsibility, (ii) to provide additional incentives to Employees, Directors, and Consultants, and (iii)
to promote the success of the Company s business. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to officers/management, advisors, and directors at an exercise price of . . 

On June 1, 2022, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to an advisor at an exercise price of . 

On July 15, 2022, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to an officer at an exercise price of . 

On July 28, 2022, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to an officer/director at an exercise price of . 

On June 29, 2023, the board adopted, and by shareholder
consent achieved on June 30, 2023, the shareholders approved the Company s 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ),
which allows awards for up to 1,963,746 options to purchase shares of its Common Stock at prevailing fair value exercise prices
at the time of each award. There were 1,175,000 options to purchase shares of its Common Stock awarded under the 2023 Plan as
of September 30, 2024. The purposes of the 2023 Plan are (i) to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial
responsibility, (ii) to provide additional incentives to Employees, Directors, and Consultants, and (iii) to promote the success of the
Company s business. 

On July 1, 2023, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to officers/management and directors at an exercise price of . 

On July 7, 2023, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to directors at an exercise price of . 

On January 25, 2024, the Company granted stock
options to purchase an aggregate of shares to advisory board members at an exercise price of . 

On February 13, 2024, the Company granted stock
options to purchase an aggregate of shares to an advisory board member at an exercise price of . 

The fair value of the options granted was estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes options pricing model, with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected stock volatility (a) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life of options (years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected forfeiture rate 

Grant date fair value per option 
 - 
 - 

(a) 

During the nine-months ended September 30, 2024
and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses of and , respectively, and during the three-months
ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses of and , respectively.
As of September 30, 2024, the unamortized stock option expense was . The Company s stock options had an intrinsic value of
 , based on the OTCQB published closing price for (OTCQB: COBA) of per share as of September 30, 2024, which may not be
indicative of the true market value of the stock options given the limited historical volumes traded and the volatility of the underlying
shares as of that date. Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the date of grant, based on the fair value of the award, and is
recognized over the vesting period of the option. The Company recognizes forfeitures in stock-based compensation expense as they occur. 

A summary of the changes in stock options outstanding
at September 30, 2024 is presented below: 

n/a 
 
 Issued 

Expired/Forfeited 

Exercised 
 
 n/a 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Issued 

Expired/Forfeited 
 
 n/a 
 
 Exercised 
 
 n/a 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Issued 

Expired/Forfeited 
 
 n/a 
 
 Exercised 
 
 n/a 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2024 

Issued 
 
 n/a 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 
 
 n/a 
 
 Exercised 
 
 n/a 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2024 

Issued 
 
 n/a 
 
 Expired/Forfeited 
 
 n/a 
 
 Exercised 
 
 n/a 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 

The Company has the following options outstanding
and exercisable at September 30, 2024: 

17 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the
financial condition and results of operations of Chilean Cobalt Corp. C3 and including its subsidiaries, the (collectively,
the Company should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company. This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions are used
to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are
subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy
of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors , which are
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission on April 1, 2024. 

Overview 

Chilean Cobalt Corp. is a
US-based and US-listed (OTCQB: COBA) critical materials exploration and development company focused on developing the La Cobaltera project
located in the San Juan District in Northern Chile, one of the world s few known primary cobalt districts. C3 strives to responsibly
supply cobalt and other critical minerals for a sustainable future. 

Given the transformational
shift from internal combustion engines to electric vehicles (EVs), there has been an increase in demand for cobalt, a critical battery
cathode material in lithium-ion batteries that EVs use, along with copper as well. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Baltum
Mineria SpA Baltum has acquired 2,635 hectares of fully exploitable mining concessions in northern Chile s Atacama
region in the San Juan District. The Company continues to seek opportunities to further consolidate mining rights in the district and
secure a distribution partner. The San Juan mining district, which includes the La Cobaltera area, has been identified by CORFO, the Chilean
governmental agency responsible for the country s economic development, as likely containing the highest quality cobalt assets in
Chile. Chile already being the leading copper-producing country in the world with the La Cobaltera area historically supporting the existence
of established and high-quality copper assets. Being strategically located near roads, electricity, water, and ports, the site is in close
proximity to robust mining infrastructure. The Company s principal business activities since incorporation have been the assessment,
acquisition and consolidation of mining concessions; the exploration of the potential cobalt-copper resources within the concessions;
and developing an accelerated phased implementation plan to generate revenue as quickly as possible. In addition, on July 3, 2024, we
signed a non-binding Letter of Intent ("LOI") with a subsidiary of Glencore plc Glencore whereby Glencore will
purchase all of the Company s production of cobalt and copper minerals from the La Cobaltera project which it expects to ship to
the United States or U.S. Free Trade Agreement countries. In addition, on September 6, 2024, we signed a non-binding LOI with US Strategic
Metals USSM to process and refine cobalt and copper concentrate we expect to produce at our La Cobaltera project. This
processing is intended to lead to the creation of battery materials and other products critical for the production of advanced materials
and energy technologies. USSM plans to carry out the processing at its production facility in Missouri. We are in the early phases of
due diligence pursuant to both LOI s and the terms and conditions of the agreements to be entered into between the Company, Glencore
and USSM are subject to negotiation. The objective of the three way strategic partnership between the Company, Glencore and USSM is to
establish an Americas-centric cobalt and copper supply chain, connecting C3's La Cobaltera cobalt-copper project in Chile with USSM's
integrated critical minerals processing site in Missouri, USA - which may include development of a dedicated processing line for La Cobaltera
concentrate at USSM's site. Our partnership with USSM and Glencore is expected to strengthen US critical minerals supply chains while
providing a sustainable and traceable source of raw materials for the growing domestic lithium-ion battery manufacturing capacity and
high-performance metal alloy markets. 

18 

We have not generated revenues
to date. Our limited operations have included the formation of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary Baltum Mineria SpA, oversight
of cobalt exploration activities, business development activities, and ESG framework development activities. These limited operations
have been funded by capital raised through the issuance of our common stock, preferred stock, and debt. From December 4, 2017 through
November 14, 2024, we raised a total of 30,309,545 from accredited investors through the issuance of our common stock, preferred stock,
and debt. This total does not include the 56,272 of stock-based compensation inferred by the issuance of 216,429 shares for the retainer
for services provided by Collingwood Capital Partners AG at 0.26 per share on March 19, 2024 or any other non-cash amounts for other
stock-based compensation, dividends paid-in-kind or similar. 

We have limited business operations
and have achieved losses since inception. We have been issued a going concern opinion from our auditors as a result of not generating
sufficient business to date. 

Our monthly burn rate, 
the amount of expenses we expect to incur on a monthly basis without any acquisition activity and very limited geological and exploration
work, is approximately 89,000 for a total of 1,068,000 for the upcoming 12 months. We have relied and will continue to rely on capital
raised from third parties to fund operations during the upcoming 12 months and are currently seeking to raise working capital of approximately
 1,000,000 with plans to raise an additional 5,000,000 and then possibly 20,000,000 or more in the first half of next year. We expect
to be able to further our acquisition and exploration plans, if we are successful in raising the anticipated working capital. 

In order to complete our long-term
plan of operations, which entails proving out feasibility, commencing production and generating saleable product, we estimate that approximately
 325 million in funds will be required. 

For the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, we generated no revenues and reported net losses of 1,292,742 and 1,032,295, respectively, and negative cash flow
from operating activities of 929,418 and 673,796, respectively. For the three-months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023,
we reported net losses of 192,968 and 383,287, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of 199,321 and 308,790,
respectively. For the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we reported net losses of 666,278 and 994,696, respectively,
and negative cash flow from operating activities of 580,257 and 748,509, respectively. Our management
has concluded that our historical recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations as well as our dependence on
securing private equity and other financings raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and our auditor
has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its audit reports for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. As noted in our unaudited financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, we had an accumulated stockholders deficit of approximately 33,166,516 and recurring losses from operations as of
September 30, 2024. See the risk factor in our Annual Report on Form 10-K titled, Risk Factors - We have a history of operating
losses and our management has concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and our
auditor has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its audit report for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Plan of Operations 

In order to complete our plan
of operations during the next 12 months, we estimate that a baseline of approximately 1,068,000 in funds will be required. In order to
pursue our strategic priorities of progressing mining rights acquisition and consolidation, along with both brownfield and greenfield
exploration on existing and expected to be acquired mining concessions, and having a longer operational runway, we will require raising
at least 4,000,000 to 5,000,000. To complete mining rights acquisition and consolidation will require substantially more funding. The
source of such funds is anticipated to come from private placements of our securities as discussed above. If we fail to raise the amounts
we require, we may not be able to fully carry out our plan of operations. Assuming that we are able to raise the amounts discussed above,
we believe we can satisfy our cash requirements during the next 12 months and begin to implement our business plan. 

19 

For the next twelve months,
we intend to implement our business plan as follows: 

Exploration and Development Expenses . During this period, we intend to, among other things, continue exploration and development of the existing mining sites in addition to any new mining sites that are successfully acquired. The exploration and development expenses are expected to encompass sampling, mapping and trenching in greenfield areas and further diamond drilling and work towards establishing pre-feasibility and/or definitive feasibility studies in brownfield areas. This is expected to cost 2,000,000 to 2,500,000. 

Possible Strategic Acquisition Opportunities . During this period, we intend to, among other things, consider possible strategic acquisitions of other possible mining sites. There are several sites that the Company has expressed interest in acquiring and the ability to close on these acquisitions is dependent on the Company s success in achieving its capital raise objectives and being able to negotiate favorable terms with mining concession sellers in the areas of cash, equity and net smelter royalties, as applicable. 

General and Administrative Expenses . During this period, we intend to, among other things, hire additional staff or engage additional advisors to assist with operations. This will increase the salaries or consulting fees we pay as a part of general and administrative expenses. We also intend to continue incurring the same level of general and administrative expenses, such as corporate insurance, professional services, public filer services, marketing, site and conference travel and other administrative costs in order to further our plan. The general and administrative expenses are expected to be approximately 1,200,000 to 1,500,000 depending on the phases of the business plan that are able to be engaged. 

We have board authorization
to commence private capital raises in order to secure the necessary funding to carry out our 12-month business plan as indicated above,
which doesn t factor in the costs of any major acquisitions. Any major acquisition and the underlying funding source would be approved
at the board level as a prerequisite to closing. In addition, we are seeking to secure a source of financing to fund our exploration and
development efforts within our mining concessions that comprise our La Cobaltera cobalt-copper project as well as other mining concessions
we are evaluating within the San Juan District in northern Chile. These efforts include a potential debt funding package of up to 317,400,000
pursuant to a June 4, 2024 non-binding letter of interest we received from the Export-Import Bank of the United States. There can be no
assurance that a private raise or debt financing, when instituted can occur as planned or at all. Our future is dependent upon our ability
to obtain further financing, the successful execution of our business plan, securing favorable off-take agreements, and achieving a profitable
level of operations. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests
of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future
cash commitments. There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. Even if
additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms we find favorable. At this time, there are no anticipated sources
of additional funds in place. Failure to secure the needed additional financing will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in
business. 

Components of revenues and costs and expenses 

Exploration and development
expense . Our exploration and development costs are incurred during the exploration and development of mining sites. We did not incur
any exploration and development expenses during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 because the Company has been focused on raising working
capital that will allow for execution of the overall plans both short-term and long-term, including exploration, acquisition and general
and corporate continuance. In addition, the Company has been working diligently throughout the current year to achieve long-term objectives
for debt funding through a letter of interest with the Export-Import Bank of the United States, as discussed previously, and through the
establishment of non-binding letters of intent for eventual product offtake through Glencore AG, an international commodity trading and
mining company and for product processing streams through United States Strategic Metals for eventual three-party Americas-centric cobalt
and copper downstream processing. 

General and administrative
expense . Our general and administrative G A expenses include compensation of staff and overhead, which includes
depreciation and foreign currency transaction (gains) and losses. 

20 

Interest expense, interest
income, net . Interest expense consists of interest expense associated with debt obligations. Interest income consists of interest
income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Provision for Income Taxes .
Provision for income taxes consists of an estimate of U.S. federal and state income taxes and income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions
in which we conduct business, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions and the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 

Gain (loss) on retirement/sale
of assets . When fixed assets are sold, retired or disposed, there is either a non-cash gain or loss associated with the action depending
on whether there is receipt of proceeds (in the case of a sale) and the extent of depreciation that has already been claimed on the fixed
asset that is being removed from the books. For a gain, there must be proceeds received in excess of the residual book value of the asset,
whereas, otherwise, there is no loss or a loss by the amount that the residual book value exceeds any applicable proceeds. 

Results of Operations Three-Months Ended September 30, 2024
Compared to the Three-Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Three-Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Three-Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Revenue 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Gross Profit 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Gross Profit 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses, depreciation and foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 
 337,852 
 195,832 
 (142,020 
 
 Exploration and development expenses 
 56,574 
 0 
 (56,574 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 (394,426 
 (195,832 
 (198,594 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 11,139 
 2,864 
 8,275 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (383,287 
 (192,968 
 (190,319 

Results of operations for
the three-months ended September 30, 2023, compared to September 30, 2024, were improved due primarily to lower non-cash stock option
compensation to directors, officers and advisors, as the larger 2022 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan awards vested by the end of 2023
and now the expenses related to the more modest 2023 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan awards are lower by comparison, along with lower
contractor and legal and other professional services fees paid in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023, but somewhat countered by
higher insurance costs over the same periods. Other expenses had milder variances and were effectively offsetting, such as higher regulatory
costs, but lower and offsetting advertising and marketing costs. In addition, the Company had exploration costs for geo-magnetic surveying
conducted during the three-months ended September 30, 2023, compared to none of these costs during the three-months ended September 30,
2024. These variances along with nominal impacts related to other expenses amounted to an overall decrease in operating losses of 198,594
for the current period compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income was much lower in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower
cash balances in the current quarter compared to the same quarter last year. 

21 

Results of Operations Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2024
Compared to the Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Increase (Decrease) 

Revenue 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Gross Profit 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Gross Profit 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses, depreciation and foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 
 959,410 
 681,051 
 (278,359 
 
 Exploration and development expenses 
 56,574 
 0 
 (56,574 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 (1,015,984 
 (681,051 
 (334,933 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 21,288 
 14,773 
 6,515 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (994,696 
 (666,278 
 (328,418 

Results of operations for
the nine-months ended September 30, 2023, compared to September 30, 2024, were improved due primarily to lower non-cash stock option compensation
to directors, officers and advisors, as the larger 2022 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan awards vested by the end of 2023 and now the
expenses related to the more modest 2023 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan awards are lower by comparison, along with substantially lower
contractor, legal, advertising and marketing and other professional services fees paid in the first three quarters of 2024 compared to
2023, but somewhat countered by higher insurance, accounting and tax and travel costs over the same periods. In addition, the Company
experienced exploration costs for geo-magnetic surveying conducted during the three-months ended September 30, 2023, compared to none
of these costs during the three-months ended September 30, 2024. These variances along with nominal impacts related to other expenses
amounted to an overall decrease in losses of 334,933 for the current period compared to the same period in 2023. Interest income was
lower for the nine-month period in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to lower cash balances compared to the same period last year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

We have primarily financed
our operations through the sale of unregistered equity. As of September 30, 2024, our Company had cash totaling 218,777 current assets
totaling 315,524 and total assets of 318,482. We had total liabilities of 27,001 (all current) and positive working capital of 288,523.
Stockholders equity was 291,481. 

Sources and Uses of Cash for the Nine-Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes
our cash flows for the nine-months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024. 

Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
 (748,509 
 (580,257 
 168,252 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investment Activities 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
 1,100,000 
 0 
 (1,100,000 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash 
 (1,037 
 (843 
 194 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 
 350,454 
 (581,100 
 (931,554 

22 

Net cash used in operations 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 748,509 for the nine-months ended September 30, 2023 versus net cash used in operating activities of 580,257 for the
nine-months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease in cash flow used in operating activities was primarily due to lower contractor, legal
and other professional services fees paid in the current period compared to the same period in the previous year with some offsetting
by higher insurance costs. Other smaller impacts related to higher accounting and tax services and travel costs, which were approximately
offset by lower advertising and marketing costs compared to the same period in the previous year. In addition, the decrease in the year-to-date
change in prepaids between periods, generally related to insurance premiums, while not as impacting as the decline in legal expenses,
was certainly meaningful in the reduction of cash used. Each of these roughly equivalent factors contributed to the 168,252 decrease
in net cash used in operations (increase in cash) for the current nine-month period compared to the same nine-month period in the previous
year. 

Net cash used in investment activities 

Net cash used in investment
activities was -0- for the nine-months ended September 30, 2023 versus net cash used in investment activities of -0- for the nine-months
ended September 30, 2024. There were no changes in cash flow used in investment activities between years. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities of 1,100,000 in the nine-months ended September 30, 2023, which included an aggregate of 1,100,000 of proceeds for the eventual
sale of an aggregate of 4,285,716 shares of common stock, versus net cash provided by financing activities for the nine-months ended September
30, 2024 of -0-. 

Going Concern 

Based upon our working capital
of 288,523 that is less than our current year estimated annualized cash used in operating activities of 998,012, and our accumulated
deficit of 33,166,516), as of September 30, 2024, we require additional equity and/or debt financing to continue our operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of this filing.
As a result of the foregoing factors, together with our recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows since inception, our
independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern
in its report on our audited condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and as
footnoted in our unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Availability of Additional Funds 

Our capital requirements going
forward will consist of financing our operations until we are able to reach a level of revenues and gross margins adequate to equal or
exceed our ongoing operating expenses. Other than the possibility of borrowings from related and third parties, it should be noted
that we do not have any credit agreement or source of liquidity immediately available to us, although, we do have a potential debt funding
package of up to 317,400,000 pursuant to a June 4, 2024 non-binding letter of interest we received from the Export-Import Bank of the
United States. However, there can be no assurance that a private raise or debt financing, when instituted can occur as planned or at all.. 

23 

Since inception our operations
have primarily been funded through proceeds from existing shareholders in exchange for equity. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. We expect to have ongoing needs for working capital in order to (a)
fund operations; plus (b) exploration and development. To that end, we may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt
financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing additional capital. If we are unsuccessful, we may
need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development opportunities; (c) seek extensions of time to fund its liabilities,
or (d) seek protection from creditors. 

In addition, if we are unable
to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for us to sell all or
a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities, to the extent available,
may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our shareholders or that result in our shareholders losing all of their investment
in our Company. 

If we are able to raise additional
capital, we do not know with certainty what the terms of any such capital raising would be. In addition, any future sale of our equity
securities would dilute the ownership and control of shares and could be at prices substantially below prices at which shares currently
trade. An inability to raise capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations. We may seek to increase our
cash reserves through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities
could result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition,
our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate our continuation as a going concern and
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
presented in the consolidated financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Public Company Expenses 

We expect to incur direct,
incremental selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of being a publicly traded company, including, but not limited to,
where applicable, increased scope of our operations and costs associated with hiring new personnel, implementation of compensation programs
that are competitive with our public company peer group, annual and quarterly reports to shareholders, tax return preparation, independent
registered public accounting firm fees, investor relations activities, registrar and transfer agent fees, incremental director and officer
liability insurance costs and independent director compensation. These direct, incremental selling, general and administrative expenses
are not included in our historical results of operations. 

Climate Change 

The potential physical impacts
of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and are specific to the geographic circumstances of areas in which we operate.
These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, droughts and water shortages, changing sea levels and changing
temperatures, and an increase in the number and severity of weather events and natural disasters. These changes may have a material adverse
effect on our future expected operations, including cobalt extraction and production processes, as well as transportation of raw materials
and delivery of products to customers. We may also face more stringent customer and regulatory requirements to accelerate water use reduction
initiatives, more reliance on renewable energy sources and more water re-use and re-cycling, at the time of bringing products to market.
Climate change may also exacerbate socio-economic and political issues around the world and have other direct impacts to ecosystems, human
health and quality of life, ranging from destruction of habitats to air, water and land quality to growing incidences of famines, pandemics
and population shifts. 

24 

In addition, a number of governmental
bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change.
Such legislation or regulation, if enacted, potentially could include provisions for a cap and trade system of allowances
and credits or a carbon tax, among other provisions. There is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation to adversely
impact the cost of purchased energy and electricity. 

The growing concerns about
climate change and related increasingly stringent regulations may provide us with new or expanded business opportunities. It is expected
that our product will contribute to the efforts of our customers to revolutionize their product lines and markets. As a key part of the
EV and battery supply chain, we expect to provide cobalt-containing solutions that will help enable the growth of electric transportation
and the shift away from fossil fuels. As demand for, and legislation mandating or incentivizing the use of, alternative fuel technologies
that limit or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions increases, we will continue to monitor the market and offer solutions where we have appropriate
technology. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any
other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any
derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholders equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated
financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity
that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity
that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services
with us. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our estimates form the
basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates. 

An accounting policy is considered
to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time
the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimate that are
reasonably likely to occur, could materially impact the financial statements. We believe that our critical accounting policies reflect
the most significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 

We believe that the assumptions
and estimates associated with our mining concession capitalization and stock-based compensation and the valuation of stock option grants
have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and
estimates. 

Principal Accounting
Policies and Related Financial Information 

Refer
to footnote 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

There
are not any recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements that have a material impact on the Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 

25 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. Management has determined that a material weakness exists due
to a lack of segregation of duties. 

Remediation of Material Weakness 

We are in the process of implementing
improvements and remedial measures in response to the material weakness noted above. Currently, management contracts with an outside certified
public accountant to assist the Company with preparation of its reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or
our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we are
involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. There are no legal proceedings currently pending
against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business, financial position or results of operations and, to the best
of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material
changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES,
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
following information represents securities sold by us during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 which were not registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Included are new issues, securities issued in exchange
for property, services or other securities, securities issued upon conversion from our other share classes and new securities resulting
from the modification of outstanding securities. We sold or issued all of the securities listed below pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

None. 

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as
each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Chilean Cobalt Corp. filed with Nevada Secretary of State on December 4, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Chilean Cobalt Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment filed with Nevada Secretary of State on May 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 8, 2023). 

27 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Chilean Cobalt Corp. filed December 28, 2017 with the Secretary of State of Nevada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Chilean Cobalt Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.2 
 
 Advisory Agreement, dated January 1, 2022 between BACO MINING SPA BACO ), and Ignacio Moreno, the manager of BACO and Chilean Cobalt Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2022 between Duncan Blount and Chilean Cobalt Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Chilean Cobalt Corp. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 6, 2023). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Stock Option (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 6, 2023). 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

________________ 

Filed herewith. 

Includes management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CHILEAN COBALT CORP. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Duncan T. Blount 

Duncan T. Blount, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jim Van Horn 

Jim Van Horn, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 chilean_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Duncan T. Blount, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of CHILEAN COBALT CORP.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Duncan T. Blount 

Duncan T. Blount 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 chilean_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jim Van Horn, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of CHILEAN COBALT CORP.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Jim Van Horn 

Jim Van Horn 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 chilean_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of CHILEAN COBALT CORP. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Duncan T. Blount, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Jim Van Horn, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Duncan T. Blount 

Duncan T. Blount, Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Jim Van Horn 

Jim Van Horn, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 coba-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 coba-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 coba-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 coba-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

