<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1408146_0001437749-24-034770.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3757184</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67249</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1058871</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>992657</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>824078</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>739113</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-034770.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113120037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-034770
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54416
		FILM NUMBER:		241452334

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2011 PHAETHON LN
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-355-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2011 PHAETHON LN
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89521

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMC METALS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN PREDATOR MINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-034770.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 scy20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

scy20240930_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to __________________ 

(Commission File Number) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British Columbia, 

(State or other jurisdiction 

			 of incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 

			 Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 13, 2024, the registrant s outstanding common stock consisted of shares. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NINE MONTHS AND THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

2

Scandium International Mining Corp. 

 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) 

As at: 

September 30, 2024 

December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and receivables 

Total Current Assets 

Reclamation bond (Note 3) 

Mineral property interests (Note 3) 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable with related parties (Note 4) 

Derivative liability warrants (Note 5) 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity 

Capital stock (Note 5) (Authorized: number of common shares; Issued and outstanding: (2023 

Treasury stock (Note 6) common shares) (2023 

Additional paid in capital (Note 5) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Nature and continuance of operations (Note 1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

3

Scandium International Mining Corp. 

 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) 

Three months 

			 ended September 

			 30, 2024 

Three months 

			 ended September 

			 30, 2023 

Nine months 

			 ended September 

			 30, 2024 

Nine months 

			 ended September 

			 30, 2023 

EXPENSES 

Exploration 

General and administrative 

Insurance 

Professional fees 

Salaries and benefits 

Travel 

Foreign exchange gain 

Interest income 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative liability warrants gain (Note 5) 

Income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the period 

Basic and diluted income per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

4

Scandium International Mining Corp. 

 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) 

9-month period ended 

September 30, 

			 2024 

September 30, 

			 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Income (loss) for the period 

Items not affecting cash: 

Amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Accrual reversal 

Unrealized gain on derivative liability - warrants 

Unrealized gain on foreign exchange 

Changes in non-cash working capital items: 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and receivables 

Decrease in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and accounts payable with related parties 

Change in cash during the period 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

2024 

2023 

Cash paid during the 9-month period for interest 

Cash paid during the 9-month period for taxes 

There were no significant non-cash investing and financing activities during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

5

Scandium International Mining Corp. 

 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 

 (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited) 

Number of Shares 

Capital Stock 

Additional Paid 

			 in Capital 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated 

			 Other 

			 Comprehensive Loss 

Deficit 

Total 

			 Shareholders 

			 Equity 

			 (Deficiency) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

Income for the three months 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

Loss for the three months 

- 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

Income for the three months 

- 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

Income for the three months 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2023 

Income for the three months 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

Income for the three months 

- 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Income for the three months 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

6

Scandium International Mining Corp.

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2023

(Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited)

Financial assets and liabilities classified as held-for-trading are measured at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in net income. Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity, loans and receivables, and financial liabilities other than those classified as held-for-trading are measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method of amortization. Financial assets classified as available-for-sale are measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses being recognized as other comprehensive income until realized, or if an unrealized loss is considered other than temporary, the unrealized loss is recorded in income. 

Financial instruments, including cash, receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and accounts payable with related parties are carried at amortized cost, which management believes approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of the reclamation bond approximates its fair value as a result of the interest rate being in line with market interest rates. Derivative liabilities are recorded at fair value, and are financial liabilities classified as held-for-trading. 

The Company had no leases in the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The Company s warrants have an exercise price in Canadian dollars while the Company s functional currency is US dollars. Therefore, in accordance with ASU 815 Derivatives and Hedging, the warrants are presented as derivative liabilities. This liability value has no effect on the cash flow of the Company and does not represent a cash payment of any kind. The derivative liability is a result of the uncertainty associated with US dollar cash flows as a result of the underlying foreign currency fluctuations between the exercise price in Canadian dollars and the Company s functional currency of US dollars. 

The following table presents information about the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at September 30, 2024 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and included situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset: 

Title to mineral property interests involves certain inherent risks due to the difficulties of determining the validity of certain claims as well as the potential for problems arising from the frequently ambiguous conveyancing history characteristic of many mineral property interests. The Company has investigated title to all its mineral property interests and, to the best of its knowledge, title to all of its properties is in good standing. 

SCANDIUM PROPERTIES 

Nyngan, New South Wales Property 

The Company holds a interest in the Nyngan property in New South Wales, Australia (NSW). 

Royalties attached to the Nyngan property include a royalty on gross mineral sales on the property, a Net Profits Interest royalty to private parties involved with the early exploration on the property, and a Net Smelter Returns royalty payable for 12 years after production commences. Another revenue royalty is payable to private interests of , subject to a cap. A NSW minerals royalty will also be levied on the project, subject to negotiation, currently on revenue. 

Honeybugle property, Australia 

The Company holds a interest in the Honeybugle property. 

Kiviniemi Scandium Property Finland 

In December 2023, the Company decided not to renew an Exploration License for the Kiviniemi Scandium Property in central Finland form the Finnish regulatory body governing mineral exploration and mining in Finland. As at September 30, 2024 the Company has a reclamation bond of ). (December 31, 2023 - )). 

for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors. 

As at September 30, 2024, the Company owed to an officer of the Company. (December 31, 2023 - ). 

CAD 

May 20 - June 14, 2027 

Outstanding September 30, 2024 

CAD 

May 20 - June 14, 2027 

A fair value of the derivative liability of was estimated on the date of the subscription using the Black-Scholes pricing model. A fair value of the derivative liability of was estimated at December 31, 2023, using the Black-Scholes pricing mode. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, there was a non-cash gain on derivative liability warrants of 

(September 30, 2023 - and an unrealized foreign exchange gain of (September 30, 2023 - resulting in a fair value as at September 30, 2024 of with the following weighted average assumptions: 

CAD 

Stock price 

CAD 

CAD 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Stock Options 

The Company established a stock option plan (the Plan under which it is authorized to grant options to executive officers and directors, employees and consultants and the number of options granted under the Plan shall not exceed of the shares outstanding. Under the Plan, the exercise period of the options may not exceed ten years from the date of grant and vesting is determined by the Board of Directors. 

Stock option transactions are summarized as follows: 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2023 

Expired 

Outstanding, September 30, 2024 

Number currently exercisable 

As at September 30, 2024, incentive stock options were outstanding as follows: 

As at September 30, 2024 the Company s outstanding and exercisable stock options have an aggregate intrinsic value of Nil (December 31, 2023 - Nil ). 

Stock-based compensation 

During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized as part of salaries and benefits, stock-based compensation of Nil (September 30, 2023- in the statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). There were nil stock options granted during the 9-month period ended September 30, 2024 (September 30, 2023 nil ). 

Treasury shares comprise shares of the Company which cannot be sold without the prior approval of the TSX. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion of the operating results, corporate activities and financial condition of Scandium International Mining Corp. (hereinafter referred to as we , us , Scandium International , SCY , or the Company and its subsidiaries provides an analysis of the operating and financial results between December 31, 2023, and September 30, 2024, and a comparison of the material changes in our results of operations and financial condition between the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, and the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

This discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under the heading Risk Factors and Uncertainties in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The condensed consolidated interim statements have been prepared in accordance with US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, as required under U.S. federal securities laws applicable to the Company, and as permitted under applicable Canadian securities laws. The Company is a reporting company under applicable securities laws in Canada and the United States. The reporting currency used in our financial statements is the United States Dollar. 

The information contained within this report is current as of November 13, 2024, unless otherwise noted. Additional information relevant to the Company s activities can be found on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov . 

Technical information in this Form 10Q, including the MD A, has been reviewed and approved by John Thompson, a Qualified Person as defined by Canadian National Instrument 43-101 NI 43-101 ). 

Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors Regarding Reserve and Resource Estimates 

The Company uses Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum definitions for the terms proven reserves , probable reserves , measured resources and indicated resources. U.S. investors are cautioned that while these terms are recognized and required by Canadian regulations, including National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 ), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC does not recognize them. Canadian mining disclosure standards differ from the requirements of the SEC under SEC Industry Guide 7, and reserve and resource information referenced in this Form 10-Q may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by companies reporting under U.S. standards. In particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term resource does not equate to the term reserve. Under United States standards, mineralization may not be classified as a reserve unless the determination has been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. The SEC s disclosure standards normally do not permit the inclusion of information concerning measured mineral resources or indicated mineral resources or other descriptions of the amount of mineralization in mineral deposits that do not constitute reserves by U.S. standards in documents filed with the SEC. Disclosure of contained ounces in a resource estimate is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute reserves by SEC standards as tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. The requirements of NI 43-101 for identification of reserves are also not the same as those of the SEC, and reserves in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as reserves under SEC standards. 

12

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements about the Company and its business. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and include, but are not limited to, reserve and resource estimates, estimated value of the project, projected investment returns, anticipated mining and processing methods for the project, the estimated economics of the project, anticipated scandium recoveries, production rates, scandium grades, estimated capital costs, operating cash costs and total production costs, planned additional processing work and environmental permitting. The forward-looking statements in this report are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual results or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation, risks related to uncertainty in the demand for scandium and pricing assumptions; uncertainties related to raising sufficient financing to fund the Nyngan Scandium Project in a timely manner and on acceptable terms; changes in planned work resulting from logistical, technical or other factors; the possibility that results of work will not fulfill expectations and realize the perceived potential of the Company's properties; uncertainties involved in the estimation of scandium reserves and resources; the possibility that required permits may not be obtained in a timely manner or at all; the possibility that capital and operating costs may be higher than currently estimated and may preclude commercial development or render operations uneconomic; the possibility that the estimated recovery rates may not be achieved; risk of accidents, equipment breakdowns and labor disputes or other unanticipated difficulties or interruptions; the possibility of cost overruns or unanticipated expenses in the work program; risks related to projected project economics, recovery rates, and estimated NPV( Net Present Value and anticipated IRR( Internal Rate of Return and other factors identified in the Company's SEC filings and its filings with Canadian securities regulatory authorities. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company's management at the time they are made, and other than as required by applicable securities laws, the Company does not assume any obligation to update its forward-looking statements if those beliefs, opinions or expectations, or other circumstances, change. 

Scandium International Corporate Overview 

Scandium International Mining Corp. The Company is a specialty metals and alloys company focused on developing the production and sale of scandium and other specialty metals. The Company intends to utilize its know-how and, in certain instances, patented technologies to maximize opportunities in scandium and other specialty metals. 

Our most advanced project is the Nyngan Scandium Project, located in New South Wales, Australia (the Nyngan Scandium Project ), on which we hold a mine lease grant and a development consent. We also hold an exploration license on a scandium mineral property located near Nyngan known as the Honeybugle Scandium property. 

In November 2023 we commenced physical development of the Nyngan Scandium Project following the results of the 2023 Nyngan drilling program which better defined the western boundary of the existing resource. The actions included: 

Survey conducted of the site to establish and peg the boundaries for proposed work in accordance with State Significant Development 5157 SSD 5157 ). 

Soil management works including the establishment of water exclusion embankments and the stripping of topsoil, with subsequent stockpiling. 

Construction and placement of temporary office quarters at the site for future site development activities. 

In the first quarter of 2023, we completed a drilling program at the Honeybugle Scandium Project which discovered a new Scandium enriched laterite formation approx. 2 meters below the surface area at the Woodlong prospect within the Honeybugle Exploration License 7977 area, where 32 vertical air core holes were drilled in an approximately 300m x 400m area. 

13

During the first quarter of 2022, SCY completed an internal review of its portfolio of assets and projects. The purpose of this review was to determine the appropriate allocation of capital between the Company s scandium activities and the recently announced initiatives on Critical Metals Recovery (CMR) and High Purity Alumina (HPA). The board decided and announced on April 18, 2022, that the best return on invested capital for its shareholders is to prioritize the Company s portfolio of scandium assets including the Nyngan Scandium Project and to idle its CMR and HPA initiatives. As a result of the review, leadership changes were also made with the appointment of a CEO and CFO and a downsizing of the board to four directors. 

As its first priority, the new management completed a C 3.4 million non-brokered equity private placement which replenished cash balances and eliminated negative working capital. The second priority was to reduce costs, and the Company has been successful in reducing corporate G A costs, including for example, that our CEO and CFO agreed to receive no cash compensation from their appointment in 2022 until present. 

Our plan of operation for 2024 is to continue to advance commercial discussions with potential offtake partners. The completion of a sufficient number of offtake agreements totalling a minimum quantity is the critical factor to enable the Company to be in a position to consider taking a Final Investment Decision to put the Nyngan Scandium Project into production. At the same time, the capital raise in 2022, positive working capital and no debt, and the reduction of operating costs have given the Company time to be in a position to benefit from the growing market adoption of scandium. 

We acquired a 100 interest in the Nyngan Scandium Project in June of 2014 pursuant to the terms of a settlement agreement with Jervois Mining Ltd. of Melbourne, Australia. The project is held through our Australian subsidiary, EMC Metals Australia Pty Ltd. EMC Australia ), which also holds the Honeybugle Scandium Property. 

Principal Properties Review 

The Company s technical disclosure in this section uses certain terms which are defined by the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum, and required to be disclosed in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101 NI 43-101 ). The disclosure standards in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K contain significant differences from the disclosure requirements of NI 43-101 and information presented in this section may not be comparable with United States standards in documents filed with the SEC. Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth in this section may not be comparable with information presented by companies using only United States standards in their public disclosures. 

Nyngan Scandium Project (NSW, Australia) 

Nyngan Property Description and Location 

The Nyngan Scandium Project site is located approximately 450 kilometers northwest of Sydney, NSW, Australia and approximately 20 kilometers due west of the town of Nyngan, a rural town of approximately 2,900 people. The general area can be characterized as flat countryside and is classified as agricultural land, used predominantly for wheat farming and livestock grazing. 

14

Figure 1: Location of Nyngan Project 

Note: None of the Existing Mines identified in Figure 1 produce scandium. 

15

Figure 2: Location of the Exploration Licenses and Mining Lease for the Nyngan Scandium Project 

Note: All Exploration Licenses and Leases described in Figure 2 are held 100 by EMC-A. 

Nyngan Feasibility Study 

On April 18, 2016, the Company announced the results of an independent definitive feasibility study on the Nyngan Scandium Project. The technical report on the feasibility study entitled Feasibility Study Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia is dated May 4, 2016, and was independently compiled pursuant to the requirements of NI 43-101 (the Feasibility Study or DFS ). 

Environmental Permitting/Development Consent/Mining Lease 

On May 2, 2016, the Company announced the filing of an Environmental Impact Statement EIS with the New South Wales Department of Planning and Environment (the Department in support of the planned development of the Nyngan Scandium Project. The EIS was prepared by R.W. Corkery Co. Pty. Limited, on behalf of the Company s subsidiary, EMC Australia, to support an application for Development Consent for the Nyngan Scandium Project. The EIS is a self-contained set of documents, which includes a Specialist Consultants Study Compendium, and is considered the foundational environmental document used to seek a Development Consent. 

16

EIS Highlights: 

The EIS finds residual environmental impacts represent negligible risk. 

The proposed development design achieves sustainable environmental outcomes. 

The EIS finds net-positive social and economic outcomes for the community. 

Nine independent environmental consulting groups conducted analysis over five years, and contributed report findings to the EIS. 

The Nyngan Project development is estimated to contribute A 12.4M to the local and regional economies, and A 39M to the State and Federal economies, annually. 

The EIS is fully aligned with the DFS and with a NSW Mining License Application for the Nyngan Project. 

The conclusion statement in the EIS reads as follows: In light of the conclusions included throughout this Environmental Impact Statement , it is assessed that the Proposal could be constructed and operated in a manner that would satisfy all relevant statutory goals and criteria, environmental objectives and reasonable community expectations. 

Development Consent: 

The Development Consent is considered the key approval required to build a mine facility in Australia. As the Nyngan Scandium Project is considered a State Significant Project (capital cost + A 30 million), the Minister of Planning and Environment is designated to manage the investigation and approval process for any granting of a Development Consent. 

On November 10, 2016, the Company announced that the Development Consent had been granted. This Development Consent represents an approval to develop the Nyngan Scandium Project and is based on facts and findings contained in the EIS. The Development Consent follows an in-depth review of the EIS, the project plan, community impact studies, public EIS exhibition and commentary, and economic viability, and involved more than 12 specialized governmental agencies and groups. 

Mining Lease: 

During July 2019, EMC Australia received notice of approval for its most current mining lease (ML) application. The ML (ML 1792) overlays select areas previously covered by exploration licenses and represents the final major development approval required from the NSW Government to begin construction on the project. The ML 1792 grant is issued for a period of 21 years and is based on the development plans and intent submitted in the ML application. The ML can be modified by NSW regulatory agencies, as requested by EMC Australia over time, to reflect changing operating conditions. 

In addition to these two key governmental approvals, other required licenses and permits must be acquired but are considered routine and require only compliance with fixed standards and objective measurements. These remaining approvals include submittal of numerous plans and reports supporting compliance with the Development Consent and Mining Lease. In addition, the following water, roads, dam and electrical access reviews and arrangements must be finalized: 

Water Supply Works and Use Approval and Water Access License, 

State and local approval for construction of the intersection of the Site Access Road and Gilgai Road, 

An approval from the NSW Dams Safety Committee for the design and construction of the Residue Storage Facility, and 

A high voltage connection agreement with Essential Energy. 

The 2019 ML 1792 grant covers 810 acres (354 hectares) of surface area fully owned by the Company, an area adequate to construct and operate a scandium mine of a scale outlined in the definitive Feasibility Study. The Company had originally filed a mining lease application (MLA 531) covering an area of 874 hectares, which was granted in 2017 as a mining lease (ML 1763), and later ruled invalid. At that time, it was unknown, to both the Department and the Company, that a local landowner had filed a prior, timely and valid objection to the granting of that mining lease. The reduction in area between the initial 2017 ML 1763 and the replacement 2019 ML 1792 represented acreage protested in an Agricultural Land objection lodged by a local landowner. The landowner holds freehold surface ownership over a portion of the original grant that was previously covered by the 2017 ML 1763. 

17

On September 10, 2020, the Company announced receipt of a final determination letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Regional NSW, Division of Mining, Exploration and Geoscience resolving the outstanding objection filed by the landowner in 2016. 

Written advice from the Department to the Company makes clear that all required independent investigative processes, and all affected party comment periods, were completed, and the Department s decision in this dispute matter is final. There are further state courts of appeal available to the landowner, but the facts supporting this final decision are confirmed by the NSW Department of Primary Industry and follow governing law. 

This Final Determination from the NSW Government will again allow all measured and indicated resource included in the Nyngan Scandium Project DFS to be reinstated in a new mining lease grant, for which the Company has filed an application, and which remains pending with the NSW Government. 

Honeybugle Scandium Property (NSW, Australia) 

On April 2, 2014, the Company announced that it had secured a 100 interest in an exploration license (EL 7977) covering 34.7 square kilometers in New South Wales, Australia. The license area we call the Honeybugle Scandium Property is located approximately 24 kilometers west-southwest from the Company s Nyngan Scandium Project and approximately 36 kilometers southwest from the town of Nyngan, NSW. The application to renew the exploration license for a further six years was approved in November 2022. 

Exploration rights for the Honeybugle Scandium Property include certain minimum expenditure requirements. The Company intends to fulfill those minimum expenditure requirements and executed a new drilling program in the first quarter of 2023. 

Honeybugle Drill Results 

The Honeybugle drill program was completed in the first quarter of 2023. The drill program found Scandium enriched laterite formation defined as the Woodlong prospect within the Honeybugle Exploration Licence 7977 area, where 32 vertical air core holes were drilled during first quarter 2023 in an approximately 300m x 400m area. 

The laterite mineralization, consisting of both hematite and limonite, lies less than 2 meters below the surface. The laterite zone appears to thicken to both the west and south. Additional metallurgical testing is required on the saprolite mineralization to determine suitability for potential economic extraction. 

Use Of Scandium In Lithium-Ion Batteries 

On September 24, 2020, the Company announced the filing of a provisional patent application with the US Patent Office seeking patent rights on various applications of scandium in lithium-ion batteries. The patent application covers a number of scandium enhancements, including doping potential for both anodes and cathodes, and for solid electrolytes. 

18

Patent Application Highlights: 

US Patent Application filed for use of scandium in lithium-ion battery applications. 

Scandium doping applications are explained for anodes, cathodes and electrolytes. 

Scandium offers conductivity advantages as a dopant, over other options, and 

Scandium in other aluminum components offers numerous property improvements, including conductivity, strength and corrosion resistance. 

Patent Application Discussion: 

Rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are a staple of everyday life. The search for improved performance through design and materials advances is intense today. Considerable effort is being expended in developing next-generation materials for LIBs that will make batteries safer, lighter, more durable, faster to charge, more powerful, and more cost-effective. A sampling of some these efforts follows: 

Minimizing or removing cobalt from cathode materials, based on cost, supply and geographic sourcing issues. 

Improving the durability of liquid electrolytes with dopants, or substitution with safer and higher performing liquid or solid electrolyte systems. 

Designing for higher voltage potential by utilizing different anode or cathode materials. 

Determining combinations of metals that can better withstand harsh internal conditions. 

Scandium, along with other specialty metals, has a clear role to play in each of these areas. 

One particularly promising area for scandium contributions is in a lithium nickel manganese oxide (LNMO) battery. The cathode in this design substitutes manganese for cobalt and supports a higher nickel content as well. The substitution then delivers higher working potentials (voltage), higher energy densities, and faster charge/discharge rates, all of which offer the promise of improved battery performance. 

Delivering on that promise requires a number of improvements, including employing a dopant for stabilization of the manganese in the LNMO cathode, potential stabilization of lithium titanate (LTO) anode materials as well, and use of dopants to improve the conductivity of both these anode and cathode materials. Conventional liquid electrolytes may see improved function and longevity with the improved cathode and anode conductivity. Scandium represents a suitable and effective dopant in each of these applications. 

Solid state electrolytes (SSEs) represent another potential break-through improvement in LIBs. They will handle higher voltages, higher temperatures, greater power densities, are potentially easier to package, and are considered safer in use. Scandium represents a suitable and effective dopant in these applications, analogous to the use of scandium to stabilize solid zirconia electrolytes in solid oxide fuel cells. Recently technical papers (available upon request) covering the use of Lithium Super Ion Conductors (LiSICON) for SSEs have indicated that primary compounds containing scandium, such as Li 3 Sc 2 (PO 4 3 , LiScP 2 O 7 and Li 3 Sc(BO 3 2 , LiScO 2 as well as certain doped compounds such as Li 1.33 ScSi 0.33 P 1.67 O 7 , Li 3.375 Mg 0.375 Sc 0.625 (BO 3 2 , Li 1.5 Al 0.33 Sc 0.17 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 3 , etc. can provide desirable crystal structural frameworks for solid state electrolytes. Non-oxide LiSICON fast conductors have also been identified recently, such as some lithium cryolite types: Li 3 ScCl 6 , as well as its fluoride counterpart Li 3 ScF 6 . 

Lithium-ion batteries employ aluminum in a number of areas, specifically in cathode structure, current connectors, and in general battery structure. Aluminum-scandium alloys represent an enhanced aluminum alloy option, based on their combination of conductivity and strength. 

The intent of this SCY patent filing was to advise the battery industry that scandium is a prospective dopant choice for enhanced performance of LIBs, both under existing design parameters and in particular for next-generation LNMO batteries. We want to ensure that battery research and design groups consider scandium additions, amongst their various materials choices, as they race to build a better lithium-ion battery. 

19

Operating results - Revenues and Expenses 

The Company s results on a year-to-date basis reflect lower operating costs. Cash expenditures were 235,842 lower primarily due to lower exploration and salaries and benefit costs when compared to the year-to-date cash expenditures of the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 

Summary of quarterly results 

A summary of the Company s quarterly results is shown below at Table 1. 

Table 1. Quarterly Results Summary (US 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Q3 

Q2 

Q1 

Q4 

Q3 

Q2 

Q1 

Q4 

Net Sales 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net Income (Loss) attributable to Scandium Mining Corp. 

(79,620 

(4,257 

(151,196 

(133,732 

74,732 

(129,756 

236,000 

228,371 

Basic and diluted 

			 Net Income (Loss) per share attributable to Scandium Mining Corp. 

(0.00 

(0.00 

(0.00 

(0.00 

0.00 

(0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

20

Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 

The net loss for the quarter was 79,620, a decrease of 154,352 from a net profit of 74,732 in the same quarter of the prior year. Details of the individual items contributing to the net decrease are set out below at Table 2: 

Table 2. Variance Analysis for Net Loss 

Q3 2024 vs. Q3 2023 Variance Analysis 

Item 

Variance 

			 Favourable / 

			 (Unfavourable) 

Explanation 

Gain (loss) on derivative liability 

(171,455 

Warrants issued in Q2 2022 are in Canadian funds. The value of the warrants are recalculated based on Black-Scholes calculation at the end of each quarter. With the fluctuations in the share price, exchange rate with the Canadian dollar, and interest rates a gain or loss on this is recorded in the financial statements. This is a non-cash item. 

Foreign exchange 

(24,171 

The US dollar strengthened in Q3 against both the Australian and Canadian dollar. Because we hold a large amount of funds in these two currencies a smaller foreign exchange gain was incurred than in Q3 of 2023. 

Interest income 

(2,939 

Decrease in interest income due to a decrease in term deposits compared to Q3 2023. 

Insurance 

893 

Slightly lower premiums for director and officer insurance and general liability insurance resulted in this minor variance when comparing the two quarters. 

Exploration 

6,672 

In 2023, the Company carried out drilling activities on its Australian properties while in Q3 2024, no exploration activities were conducted. 

Professional fees 

7,990 

Legal fees decreased in Q3 2024 due to decreased legal activity compared to Q3 2023. 

General and administrative 

9,112 

This favorable variance is due to the Company s commitment to reduce overall operating costs. 

Salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation 

19,546 

Management salaries were slightly reduced in Q2 2024 when compared to the corresponding quarter in 2023. No stock-based compensation was recognized in either quarter. 

Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

The loss for the nine-month period was 235,073, a decrease of 416,049 from a net profit of 180,976 in the same nine month period of the prior year. Details of the individual items contributing to the net decrease are set out below at Table 3. 

21

Table 3. Variance Analysis for Net Profit 

Nine-month period ending September 30, 2024, vs. the nine-month period ending September 30, 2023 Variance Analysis 

Item 

Variance 

			 Favourable / 

			 (Unfavourable) 

Explanation 

Gain on derivative liability 

(644,147 

Warrants issued in Q2 2022 are in Canadian funds. The value of the warrants are recalculated based on Black-Scholes calculation at the end of each quarter. With the fluctuations in the share price, exchange rate with the Canadian dollar, and interest rates a gain or loss on this is recorded in the financial statements. This is a non-cash item. 

Professional fees 

(13,511 

Increased legal fees incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the previous year. 

Interest income 

(5,828 

Decrease in interest income due to a decrease in term deposits compared to comparative period. 

Foreign exchange 

(1,916 

The US dollar strengthened in Q3 against both the Australian and Canadian dollar. Because we hold a large amount of funds in these two currencies a smaller foreign exchange gain was incurred than in 2024. 

Insurance 

906 

Slightly lower premiums for director and officer insurance and general liability insurance resulted in this minor variance when comparing the two nine-month periods. 

Travel 

3,339 

In Q1 2023, management visited the property and legal counsel in Australia. No such expenditures were incurred in 2024. 

General and administrative 

9,873 

With the continuing focus on reducing costs, the Company incurred less fees for items included in this category. 

Salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation 

85,072 

The decrease from 2023 to 2024 is due to the fact that in 2024 no stock-based compensation was recognized in the nine-month period, and management salaries were reduced. 

Exploration 

150,163 

In Q2 2023, the Company carried out drilling activities on its Australian properties while in 2024, no exploration activities were conducted. 

22

Cash flow discussion for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023 

The cash outflow for operating activities was 303,482, a decrease of 414,208 (September 30, 2023 717,690). 

Financial Position 

Cash 

The Company s cash position decreased during the nine-month period by 303,482 to 718,474 (December 31, 2023 - 1,021,956) due mainly to payments of accrued salaries. 

Prepaid expenses and receivables 

Prepaid expenses and accounts receivable decreased by 26,765 to 13,446 during the nine-month period due to the expensing of prepaids (December 31, 2023 - 40,211). 

Mineral interests 

Mineral interests remained the same at 704,053. 

Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and accounts payable with related parties 

Current liabilities have decreased by 95,048 to 254,211 (December 2023 349,259) due to the warrant derivative liability being decreased and the payment of accrued salaries. Excluding the derivative liability, a decrease of 11,666 took place for this item. 

Capital Stock 

Capital stock remained at 111,144,603 (December 31, 2023 - 111,144,603). 

Additional paid-in capital remained at 853,400. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital of 477,709 including cash of 718,474, as compared to a working capital of 712,908 including cash of 1,021,956 at December 31, 2023. 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of 36,725,000 stock options exercisable between C 0.035 and C 0.180 that have the potential upon exercise to generate a total of C 3,312,750 in cash over the next four and a quarter years. There is no assurance that these securities will be exercised. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a total of 37,803,218 share purchase warrants exercisable at C 0.1075 that have the potential upon exercise to generate a total of C 4,063,846 in cash over the next three years. The Company s continued development is contingent upon its ability to raise sufficient financing both in the short and long term. There are no guarantees that additional sources of funding will be available to the Company; however, management is committed to pursuing all possible sources of financing in order to execute its business plan. The Company continues its cost control measures to conserve cash to meet its operational obligations. 

23

Outstanding share data 

At the date of this report, the Company has 355,860,813 issued and outstanding common shares, 37,803,218 purchase warrants currently outstanding at an exercise price of C 0.1075 and 36,725,000 stock options currently outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of C 0.09. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had no material off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantee contracts, contingent interest in assets transferred to an entity, derivative instruments obligations or any obligations that trigger financing, liquidity, market or credit risk to the Company. 

Transactions with related parties 

During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company expensed Nil for stock-based compensation for stock options granted to Company directors. During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company expensed 54,317 for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors. 

As at September 30, 2024, the Company owed 5,193 to an officer of the Company. (December 31, 2023 - 5,104). 

Proposed Transactions 

There are no proposed transactions outstanding other than as disclosed. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting policies requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on past experience, industry trends and known commitments and events. By their nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effects on the financial statements of changes in such estimates in future periods could be significant. Actual results will likely differ from those estimates. 

Stock-based compensation 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock options and compensatory warrants granted. This model is subject to various assumptions. The assumptions the Company makes will likely change from time to time. At the time the fair value is determined, the methodology the Company uses is based on historical information, as well as anticipated future events. The assumptions with the greatest impact on fair value are those for estimated stock volatility and for the expected life of the instrument. 

Future income taxes 

The Company accounts for tax consequences of the differences in the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases using tax rates expected to apply when these temporary differences are expected to be settled. When the future realization of income tax assets does not meet the test of being more likely than not to occur, a valuation allowance in the amount of the potential future benefit is taken and no future income tax asset is recognized. The Company has taken a valuation allowance against all such potential tax assets. 

24

Mineral properties and exploration and development costs 

The Company capitalizes the costs of acquiring mineral rights at the date of acquisition. After acquisition, various factors can affect the recoverability of the capitalized costs. The Company s recoverability evaluation of our mineral properties and equipment is based on market conditions for minerals, underlying mineral resources associated with the assets and future costs that may be required for ultimate realization through mining operations or by sale. The Company is in an industry that is exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties, including exploration risk, development risk, commodity price risk, operating risk, ownership and political risk, funding and currency risk, as well as environmental risk. Bearing these risks in mind, the Company has assumed recent world commodity prices will be achievable. The Company has considered the mineral resource reports by independent engineers on the Nyngan Scandium Project in considering the recoverability of the carrying costs of the mineral properties. All of these assumptions are potentially subject to change, out of our control, however such changes are not determinable. Accordingly, there is always the potential for a material adjustment to the value assigned to mineral properties and equipment. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

There following recently issued accounting standards updates are currently not expected to have a material impact on the Company. 

Accounting Standards Update 2023-07 Segment Reporting (Topic 280). This update is to improve the disclosures about a public entity s reportable segments through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is reviewing this standard but anticipates little impact on its financial statements. 

Accounting Standards Update 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topic 740). This update is to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is reviewing this standard to determine the impact on its financial statements. 

Financial instruments and other risks 

The Company s financial instruments consist of cash, receivables, accounts payable, accounts payable with related parties, accrued liabilities and promissory notes payable. It is management's opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from its financial instruments. The fair values of these financial instruments approximate their carrying values unless otherwise noted. The Company has its cash primarily in three commercial banks: (i) one in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, (ii) one in Mackay, Queensland, Australia, and (iii) one in Los Angeles, California, United States. 

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to those with respect to the prices of metals, the estimation of mineral resources and reserves, the realization of mineral reserve estimates, the timing and amount of estimated future production, costs of production, capital expenditures, costs and timing of the development of new deposits, success of exploration activities, permitting time lines, currency fluctuations, requirements for additional capital, government regulation of mining operations, environmental risks, unanticipated reclamation expenses, title disputes or claims and limitations on insurance coverage and the timing and possible outcome of pending litigation. In certain cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as plans , expects or does not expect , is expected , estimates , intends , anticipates or does not anticipate or believes or variations of such words and phrases, or statements that certain actions, events or results may , could , would , or will be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of Scandium International to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the actual results of current exploration activities, conclusions or economic evaluations, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, possible variations in grade and or recovery rates, failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated, accidents, labor disputes or other risks of the mining industry, delays in obtaining government approvals or financing or incompletion of development or construction activities, risks relating to the integration of acquisitions, to international operations, and to the prices of metals and risks relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. While Scandium International has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Scandium International expressly disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

25

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures 

The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company has maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures in all material respects, including those necessary to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted with the SEC (i) is recorded, processed, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decision regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 

26

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

The Company has been notified of litigation from a former consultant. It is the Company s belief that the litigation has no merit. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith) 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith) 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith) 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith) 

101 
			 Financial Statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (filed herewith) 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING CORP. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
			 /s/ Peter B. Evensen 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
			 /s/ R. Christian Evensen 

Principal Financial Officer 

27

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_745103.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_745103.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Peter Evensen, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Scandium International Mining Corp. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Peter Evensen 

Peter Evensen 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_745104.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_745104.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 
 OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Chris Evensen, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Scandium International Mining Corp. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the annual report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ R. Christian Evensen 

Chris Evensen 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_745105.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_745105.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AND RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 

 OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Scandium International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
			 /s/ Peter Evensen 

Peter Evensen 

			 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_745106.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_745106.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AND RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) 

 OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Scandium International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 13, 2024 
			 /s/ R. Christian Evensen 

Chris Evensen 

			 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 scy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 scy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 scy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 scy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 scy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

