<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1477449_0001477449-24-000225.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8059399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151108</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1396271</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2853658</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1875949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1621525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477449-24-000225.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031102004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477449-24-000225
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Teladoc Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001477449
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-OFFICES & CLINICS OF DOCTORS OF MEDICINE [8011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				043705970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37477
		FILM NUMBER:		241412869

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2036352002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Teladoc, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477449-24-000225.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 tdoc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tdoc-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
 to 
 Commission File Number: 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 ______________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of October 24, 2024, the Registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 For the period ended September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number PART I 
 Financial Information 
 2 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Other Information 
 39 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 39 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 40 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 Exhibit Index 
 40 
 Signatures 
 42 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data, unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Deferred revenue current Convertible senior notes, net current Total current liabilities Other liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of current portion Deferred taxes, net Convertible senior notes, net non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data, unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, which are shown separately below) Advertising and marketing Sales Technology and development General and administrative Goodwill impairment Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs Restructuring costs Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation of property and equipment Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data, unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Gain (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands, unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows from operating activities: Goodwill impairment Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of right-of-use assets Provision for allowances for doubtful accounts Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Inventory ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from the exercise of stock options Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Cash received for withholding taxes on stock-based compensation, net ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period Cash paid for income taxes, net Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities Accruals related to Property and equipment, net and Intangible assets, net 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 professional associations and professional corporations (collectively, the THMG Association ). 
 
 Teladoc Health Medical Group, P.A., THMG ), is party to a Services Agreement by and among it and the professional associations and professional corporations pursuant to which each professional association and professional corporation provides services to THMG. Each professional association and professional corporation is established pursuant to the requirements of its respective domestic jurisdiction governing the corporate practice of medicine. 

Total revenue and net loss for the VIE were million and million and million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total revenue and net loss for the VIE were 
 million and million and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The VIE s total assets, all of which were current, were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The VIE s total liabilities, all of which were current, were 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The VIE s total stockholders deficit was million at each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

7 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 
 Other Total Revenue Revenue by Geography U.S. Revenue International Revenue Total Revenue 
 
 Deferred Revenue 
 
 Deferred revenue represents billed, but unrecognized revenue, and is comprised of fees received in advance of the delivery or completion of the services and amounts received in instances when revenue recognition criteria have not been met. The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received in advance of the Company s performance obligation to provide services. Deferred revenue is derived from 1) upfront payments for a device, which is amortized ratably over the expected member enrollment period; 2) upfront payments for certain services where payment is required for future periods before the service is delivered to the member, which is recognized when the services are provided; and 3) upfront payments from third-party financing companies with whom the Company works to provide certain Clients with a rental option, which is recognized over the rental period. Deferred revenue that will be recognized during the next twelve-month period is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as non-current deferred revenue. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Cash collected Revenue recognized ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company expects to recognize million of revenue throughout the remainder of 2024, million of revenue in the year ending December 31, 2025, and the remaining balance thereafter related to future performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Deferred Device and Contract Costs 
 
 Deferred device and contract costs, non-current Total deferred device and contract costs 
 
 Deferred device and contract costs were as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Deferred Device and Contract Costs Beginning balance as of December 31, 2023 Additions Cost of revenue recognized ) Ending balance as of September 30, 2024 

Note 4. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 
 Deferred device and contract costs, current Other receivables Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Note 6. 
 
 Impairment ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 As a result of sustained decreases in the Company s publicly quoted share price and market capitalization as well as changes in the operating results of the BetterHelp reporting unit, the Company conducted an interim test of its goodwill, definite-lived intangibles, and other long-lived assets at June 30, 2024. Following this test, the Company did not identify an impairment to its definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but recorded a million non-deductible, non-cash goodwill impairment charge for the three months ended June 30, 2024. goodwill impairment charge was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s June 30, 2024 goodwill impairment testing was performed using a discounted cash flow method under the income approach. Unlike in prior testing, the Company did not utilize the market approach because of limited availability of relevant comparable company information. The Company believes using only the income approach is appropriate as it most directly reflects its future growth and profitability expectations. For the Company s June 30, 2024 impairment testing, the Company reduced its estimated future cash flows related to its BetterHelp reporting unit used in the impairment assessment, including revenues and margin, to reflect its best and most recent estimates at this time. The Company also updated certain significant inputs into the valuation models including the discount rate, which increased to , reflecting, in part, higher interest rates. The Company s updates to its discount rate and estimated future cash flows each had a significant impact to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. 
 
 After recording this goodwill impairment charge, there is no excess of the BetterHelp reporting unit s fair value over its carrying value, so any further decrease in the reporting unit s fair value would result in an additional impairment charge. In the event there are further adverse changes in the Company s projected cash flows and/or further changes in key assumptions, including but not limited to an increase in the discount rate, lower revenue growth, lower margin, and/or a lower terminal growth rate, the Company may be required to record additional non-cash impairment charges to its goodwill, other intangibles, and other long-lived assets. Such non-cash charges could have a material adverse effect on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Balance Sheets in the reporting period of the charge. 
 
 Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment charges of billion, of which billion was recognized prior to the Company reorganizing its reporting structure to include reportable segments on October 1, 2022, billion was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022 on the goodwill assigned to the Teladoc Health Integrated Care segment, and billion was recognized on the goodwill assigned to the BetterHelp segment in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 
 to years 
 ) Trademarks to years 
 ) Software to years 
 ) Acquired technology to years 
 ) Intangible assets, net ) December 31, 2023 Client relationships to years 
 ) Trademarks to years 
 ) Software to years 
 ) Acquired technology to years 
 ) Intangible assets, net ) 
 
 Amortization of capitalized software development costs Amortization of intangible assets expense 
 
 During the second half of 2023 , the Company initiated a strategy to transition the majority of its chronic condition management Clients and members to the Teladoc Health brand on a phased basis, with a smaller subset continuing to be served under the Livongo trade name beyond 2024. In connection with the brand strategy, the Company has accelerated the amortization of intangible assets that are associated with the Livongo trademark, increasing amortization of intangible assets expense beginning in the second half of the year ended December 31, 2023 and continuing through the six months ended June 30, 2024, with corresponding reductions thereafter . 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter 
 
 Net cloud computing costs, which are primarily related to the implementation of the Company's customer relationship management ("CRM") and enterprise resource planning ("ERP") systems, are recorded in "Other assets" within the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cloud 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The associated expense for cloud computing costs, which is recorded in general and administration expense, was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The associated expense for cloud computing costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

Note 8. 
 
 Client performance guarantees and accrued rebates Franchise, sales and other taxes Consulting fees/provider fees Operating lease liabilities current Professional fees Information technology Insurance Interest payable Lease abandonment obligation current Staff augmentation Other Total 

Note 9. 
 
 series of convertible senior notes outstanding. The issuances of such notes originally consisted of (i) billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ), issued on May 19, 2020 for net proceeds to the Company of million after deducting offering costs of approximately million, (ii) million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), issued on May 8, 2018 for net proceeds to the Company of million after deducting offering costs of approximately million, and (iii) million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2025 that were issued by Livongo Health, Inc. Livongo on June 4, 2020 for which the Company agreed to assume all of Livongo s rights and obligations (the Livongo Notes; and together with the 2027 Notes and the 2025 Notes, the Notes ). 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Per Year Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 (in millions) (1) Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 (in millions) (1) Maturity Date June 1, 2027 May 15, 2025 June 1, 2025 Optional Redemption Date June 5, 2024 May 22, 2022 June 5, 2023 Conversion Date December 1, 2026 November 15, 2024 March 1, 2025 Conversion Rate Per Principal Amount as of September 30, 2024 
 4.1258 18.6621 13.9400 Remaining Contractual Life as of September 30, 2024 years years years 
 (1) The Company estimates the fair value of its Notes utilizing market quotations for debt that have quoted prices in active markets. Since the Notes do not trade on a daily basis in an active market, the fair value estimates are based on market observable inputs based on borrowing rates currently available for debt with similar terms and average maturities. The Notes would be classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy, as defined in Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation. 
 
 All of the Notes are unsecured obligations of the Company and rank senior in right of payment to the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company s liabilities that are not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities incurred by the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 Holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes in integral multiples of principal amount, at their option, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the applicable conversion date only under the following circumstances: 
 
 during any quarter (and only during such quarter), if the last reported sale price of the shares of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price for the applicable Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 
 during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (or consecutive trading day period in the case of the Livongo Notes) in which the trading price was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of Company s common stock and the conversion rate for the applicable Notes on each such trading day; 
 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events described under the applicable indenture; or 
 
 if the Company calls the applicable Notes for redemption, at any time until the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the redemption date. 
 
 On or after the applicable conversion date, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of such Notes, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 
 
 The 2027 Notes and the 2025 Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the applicable conversion rate shown in the table above. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. If the Company elects to satisfy the conversion obligation solely in cash or through payment and delivery, as the case may be, of a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, the amount of cash and shares of the Company s common stock due 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 of a share of the Company s common stock and in cash, without interest. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, units of reference property, or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. If the Company elects to satisfy the conversion obligation solely in cash or through payment and delivery, as the case may be, of a combination of cash and units of reference property, the amount of cash and units of reference property, if any, due upon conversion will be based on a daily conversion value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day in a consecutive trading day observation period. 
 
 For each Note series, the Company may redeem for cash all or part of the Notes, at its option, on or after the applicable optional redemption date shown in the table above (and prior to the st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date in the case of the Livongo Notes) if the last reported sale price of its common stock exceeds of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of the redemption. The redemption price will be the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, calling any 2027 Note or 2025 Note for redemption on or after the applicable optional redemption date will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note, if it is converted in connection with the redemption, will be increased in certain circumstances as described in the applicable indenture. If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture) at any time prior to the maturity date of the Livongo Notes, holders will have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Livongo Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Livongo Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 
 The Company accounts for each Note series at amortized cost within the liability section of its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has reserved an aggregate of million shares of common stock for the Notes. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Less: Debt discount, net (1) ) ) Net carrying amount Livongo Notes Principal Less: Debt discount, net (1) Net carrying amount 2027 Notes Principal Less: Debt discount, net (1) ) ) Net carrying amount Total net carrying amount Convertible senior notes, net current Convertible senior notes, net non-current Total net carrying amount 
 (1) Included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets within Convertible senior notes, net current and Convertible senior notes, net non-current and amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of debt discount Total Effective interest rate Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Livongo Notes 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt discount Total Effective interest rate Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2027 Notes 2024 2023 2024 2023 Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt discount Total Effective interest rate 

Note 10. 
 
 , with options to extend the lease term from one to . At the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is, or contains, a lease based on the terms covering the right to use property, plant or equipment for a stated period of time. For new and amended leases beginning in 2020 and after, the Company separately allocates the lease (e.g., fixed lease payments for right-to-use land, building, etc.) and non-lease components (e.g., common area maintenance) for its leases. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 The Company rents certain virtual healthcare platforms to selected qualified customers under arrangements that qualify as either sales-type lease or operating lease arrangements. Leases have terms that generally range from two to . 
 
 The Company recorded certain restructuring costs related to lease impairments and the related charges due to the abandonment and/or exit of excess leased office space. However, the lease liabilities related to these spaces remain an outstanding obligation of the Company as of September 30, 2024. See Note. 11, Restructuring, for further information. 

Note 11. 
 
 million to million in the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and million was for office space reduction related costs, including million of right-of-use asset impairment charges. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs, million was for office space reduction related costs, including million of right-of-use asset impairment charges, and million was for other restructuring related costs. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and million was related to cost associated with office space reductions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of restructuring costs, of which million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and million was related to cost associated with office space reductions, including 
 million of right-of-use asset impairment charges. 
 
 The portion of these expenses that are to be settled by cash disbursements were accounted for as a restructuring liability under the line item "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Additional expenses Cash payments ) ) ) ) Accrued Balance, September 30, 2024 

Note 12. 
 
 shares available for grant under the 2023 Plans at September 30, 2024. 
 
 All stock-based awards to employees are measured based on the grant-date fair value. Expense is recognized in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. The Company recognizes the forfeiture of stock-based awards as they occur. 
 
 CEO New Hire Awards 
 
 In connection with the commencement of employment of the Company's new Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") on June 10, 2024, the Company granted a new-hire incentive equity award to the CEO under the Company s 2023 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan. Such award had an aggregate grant date target value of approximately million and consisted of performance stock units and restricted stock units. The fair value of approximately one-fourth of these performance stock units has not yet been determined and will be after the performance criteria for those awards has been established. The expense recognition for all the performance stock units will begin at the start of their performance periods, which will be January 1, 2025. 
 
 The restricted stock units issued to the CEO are expected to vest one-third on the first anniversary of the grant date and in substantially equal quarterly installments beginning on the anniversary of the grant date, in each case subject to the CEO's continued service on the applicable vesting date. The performance stock units issued to the CEO provide a target number of shares of the Company's common stock that would be earned at the end of a specified performance period based on (i) the Company's adjusted EBITDA for 2025 EBITDA PSUs and (ii) the Company's actual compound annual revenue growth rate during the period January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2027 Revenue CAGR PSUs ). Seven-twelfths of any earned EBITDA PSUs would vest on March 10, 2026 and the remaining five-twelfths would vest in substantially equal quarterly installments over the subsequent months. Any earned Revenue CAGR PSUs would vest on March 1, 2028. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Options issued under the Plans are exercisable for periods not to exceed years, and vest and contain such other terms and conditions as specified in the applicable award document. Options to buy common stock are issued under the Plans, with exercise prices equal to the closing price of shares of the Company s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of award. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Stock option grants N/A Stock options exercised ) N/A Stock options forfeited ) N/A Balance at September 30, 2024 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 The assumptions used are determined as follows: 
 
 Volatility. The expected volatility was derived from the historical stock volatility of the Company s stock over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants. 
 
 Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. When establishing the expected term assumption, the Company utilizes historical data. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with terms similar to the expected term on the options. 
 
 Dividend Yield. The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends and does not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, it used an expected dividend yield of . 
 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Weighted-average fair value of underlying stock options 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 
 Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Balance at September 30, 2024 Vested and unissued at September 30, 2024 Non-vested at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 
 million and million, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 Stock-based compensation costs associated with the Company s RSUs subject to performance criteria PSUs are initially determined using the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date the awards are granted (service inception date). The vesting of these PSUs is subject to certain performance conditions and a service requirement generally ranging from one to . Stock-based compensation costs associated with these PSUs are reassessed each reporting period based upon the estimated performance attainment on the reporting date until the performance conditions are met. The ultimate number of PSUs that are issued to an employee is the result of the actual performance of the Company at the end of the performance period compared to the performance targets and generally r anges from to of the initial grant. Stock compensation expense for PSUs is recognized on an accelerated tranche by tranche basis for performance-based awards. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) Vested and issued ) Forfeited ) Performance adjustment (2) ) Vested and unissued at September 30, 2024 Non-vested at September 30, 2024 
 (1) Granted excludes million target shares for which the performance criteria has not been established as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Based on the Company's 2023 results, PSUs were attained at rates ranging from to of the target award. 
 
 The total grant-date fair value of PSUs granted was during each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The total grant-date fair value of PSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to PSUs of ) million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to PSUs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In July 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP in connection with its initial public offering. At the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the ESPP to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock available for issuance under the ESPP by . As a result, a total of shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under this plan. The Company s ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during defined offering periods. Under the ESPP, the Company may specify offerings with durations of not more than months and may specify shorter purchase periods within each offering. Each offering will have one or more purchase dates on which shares of its common stock will be purchased for employees participating in the offering. An offering may be terminated under certain circumstances. The price at which the stock is purchased is equal to the lower of of the fair market value of the common stock at the beginning of an offering period or on the date of purchase. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did issue any shares under the ESPP. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued shares and shares, respectively, under the ESPP. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for issuance. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP of million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP of million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million in unrecognized compensation cost related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Advertising and marketing Sales Technology and development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Capitalized stock-based compensation Total stock-based compensation 

Note 13. 
 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The tax expenses recorded were the result of state tax law changes and the tax shortfall associated with the stock-based compensation awards that vested in the year. 
 
 The Company recorded income tax benefits of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Note 14. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million payment to the FTC. The settlement, including the consent order, received final approval from the FTC on July 14, 2023. 
 
 There have been multiple putative class-action litigations filed against BetterHelp in connection with the above-referenced FTC settlement and consent order. The actions have been filed in California federal and state courts and in Canada. The cases are substantially similar, involving allegations of misleading patients as to BetterHelp s use of patient data and associated alleged violations of law involving privacy, advertising, contract, and tort. The Company believes that it has substantial defenses, and the Company intends to defend the lawsuits vigorously. 
 
 On February 13, 2023, Data Health Partners, Inc. Data Health Partners filed a lawsuit against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that certain of the Company s products, including its blood glucose meter, infringe upon certain patents held by Data Health Partners and seeking unspecified damages, attorney s fees and costs. The Company believes that it has substantial defenses, and the Company intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously. 
 
 On May 17, 2024, a purported securities class action complaint (Stary v. Teladoc Health, Inc., et. al.) was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of the Company s current and former officers. The complaint was brought on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons or entities who purchased or otherwise acquired shares of the Company s common stock during the period November 2, 2022 through February 20, 2024. The complaint asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder based on allegedly false or misleading statements and omissions with respect to, among other things, the Company s business, operations, and prospects. The complaint seeks certification as a class action and unspecified compensatory damages plus interest and attorneys fees. On July 15, 2024, a duplicative purported securities class action complaint (Waits v. Teladoc Health, Inc., et.al.) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The claims and parties in Waits were substantially similar to those in Stary. The Company believes that it has substantial defenses, and the Company and its named officers intend to defend the lawsuits vigorously. 
 
 On June 18, 2024, a verified shareholder derivative complaint (Roy v. Gorevic, et.al.) was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company as a nominal defendant and certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors. The complaint asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, gross mismanagement and abuse of control in connection with factual assertions similar to those in the purported securities class action complaint described in the preceding paragraph. The complaint seeks damages to the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Note 15. 
 
 reportable segments: Teladoc Health Integrated Care and BetterHelp. The Integrated Care segment includes a suite of global virtual medical services including general medical, expert medical services, specialty medical, chronic condition management, mental health, and enabling technologies and enterprise telehealth solutions for hospitals and health systems. The BetterHelp segment includes virtual therapy and other wellness services provided on a global basis which are predominantly marketed and sold on a direct-to-consumer basis. 
 
 The CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a segment basis. Segments do not record intersegment revenues, and, accordingly, there is none to be reported. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for the Company as a whole. 
 
 BetterHelp Total Consolidated Revenue 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 BetterHelp Total Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 BetterHelp Total consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Less adjustments to reconcile to GAAP net loss Stock-based compensation Goodwill impairment Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs Restructuring costs Amortization of intangible assets Depreciation of property and equipment Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 International Total long-lived assets 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Many statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business plan and strategies. These statements often include words such as anticipates, believes, suggests, targets, projects, plans, expects, future, intends, estimates, predicts, potential, may, will, should, could, would, likely, foresee, forecast, continue and other similar words or phrases, as well as statements in the future tense to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements and projections are contained throughout this Form 10-Q, including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We base these forward-looking statements or projections on our current expectations, plans and assumptions that we have made in light of our experience in the industry, as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances and at such time. As you read and consider this Form 10-Q, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. The forward-looking statements and projections are subject to and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements or projections. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and projections are based on reasonable assumptions at the time they are made, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual financial results or results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements and projections. Factors that may materially affect such forward-looking statements and projections include, but are not limited to, the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K and in our other reports and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. These cautionary statements should not be construed by you to be exhaustive and are made only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-Q in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 
 
 Teladoc, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Texas in June 2002 and changed its state of incorporation to the State of Delaware in October 2008. Effective August 10, 2018, Teladoc, Inc. changed its corporate name to Teladoc Health, Inc. Unless the context otherwise requires, Teladoc Health, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is referred to herein as Teladoc Health, the Company, or we. The Company s principal executive office is located in Purchase, New York. Teladoc Health is the global leader in whole person virtual care focused on forging a new healthcare experience with better convenience, outcomes, and value around the world. 
 
 We were founded on a simple, yet revolutionary idea: that everyone should have access to the best healthcare, anywhere in the world on their terms. Today, we have a vision of making virtual care the first step on any healthcare journey, and we are delivering on this mission by providing whole person virtual care that includes primary care, mental health, chronic condition management, and more. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 We believe that our future performance will depend on many factors, including the following: 
 
 As it relates to the Integrated Care segment: 
 
 Number of U.S. Integrated Care Members. U.S. Integrated Care members represent the number of unique individuals who have paid access and visit fee only access to our suite of integrated care services in the U.S. at the end of the applicable period. Our revenue growth rate and long-term profitability are affected by our ability to increase cross selling capability among our existing members over time because we derive a substantial portion of our revenue from access and other fees via Client contracts that provide members access to our professional provider network in exchange for a contractual based periodic fee. Therefore, we believe that our ability to add new members and retain existing members, and to increase utilization and penetration further into existing and new health plan and employer Clients is a key indicator of our increasing market adoption, the growth of our business, and our future revenue potential. We further believe that increasing our membership is an integral objective that will provide us with the ability to continually innovate 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 our services and support initiatives that will enhance members experiences. U.S. Integrated Care members increased by 3.7 million, or 4 , to 93.9 million at September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Chronic Care Program Enrollment . Chronic care program enrollment represents the total number of enrollees across our suite of chronic care programs at the end of a given period. Our chronic care program enrollments are one of the key components of our whole person virtual care platform that we believe positions us to drive greater engagement with our platforms and increased revenue. Chronic care program enrollment increased by 5 to 1.179 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.122 million at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Average Monthly Revenue Per U.S. Integrated Care Member . Average monthly revenue per U.S. Integrated Care member measures the average monthly amount of global revenue that we generate from a U.S. Integrated Care member for a particular period. It is calculated by dividing the total revenue generated from the Integrated Care segment by the average number of U.S. Integrated Care members during the applicable period. Approximately 20 of total Integrated Care revenues relates to international and hospital and health systems for which membership is not considered as a management metric. We believe that our ability to increase the revenue generated from each member over time is also a key indicator of our increasing market adoption, the growth of our business, and future revenue potential. Average monthly revenue per U.S. Integrated Care member was 1.36 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.41 in the same period in 2023. Average monthly revenue per U.S. Integrated Care member decreased to 1.37 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.40 in the same period in 2023. The change in average monthly revenue versus the indicated prior period is reflective of the growth of onboarding new members and the timing and mix of when fees are realized. 
 
 As it relates to the BetterHelp segment: 
 
 BetterHelp Paying Users. BetterHelp paying users represent the average number of global monthly paying users of our BetterHelp therapy services during the applicable period. We believe that our ability to add new paying users and retain existing users is a key indicator of the market adoption of BetterHelp, the growth of that business, and future revenue potential. BetterHelp paying users decreased by 13 to 0.398 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.459 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased by 13 to 0.407 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.467 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 As it relates to the Company: 
 
 Seasonality. Our business has historically been subject to seasonality. In our Integrated Care segment, a concentration of our new Client contracts have an effective date of January 1 as a result of many Clients introduction of new services at the start of each calendar year. Therefore, while membership increases, utilization and enrollment rates are dampened until service delivery ramps up over the course of the year. In addition, as a result of seasonal cold and flu trends, we historically have experienced our highest level of visit and other fee revenue during the first and fourth quarters of each year. 
 
 Due to the higher cost of customer acquisition during the end-of-year holiday season, our BetterHelp segment has historically reduced marketing activity during the fourth quarter. As a result of this dynamic, we have typically experienced fewer new member additions and the strongest operating income performance in the fourth quarter. Conversely, as marketing activity typically resumes at the start of the year, we typically experience the weakest operating income performance during the first quarter as new customer acquisition and revenue growth lags marketing spend. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill and other intangible assets, income taxes, and other items. We base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their nature, estimates are 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results may differ from our estimates and could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Charge 
 
 As a result of sustained decreases in our publicly quoted share price and market capitalization through June 30, 2024 as well as changes in the operating results of the BetterHelp reporting unit, we conducted an interim test of our goodwill, definite-lived intangibles, and other long-lived assets at June 30, 2024. Following this test, we did not identify an impairment to our definite-lived intangible assets or other long-lived assets, but recorded a 790.0 million non-deductible, non-cash goodwill impairment charge for the three months ended June 30, 2024. No goodwill impairment charge was recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Our June 30, 2024 goodwill impairment testing was performed using a discounted cash flow method under the income approach. Unlike in prior testing, we did not utilize the market approach because of limited availability of relevant comparable company information. We believe using only the income approach is appropriate as it most directly reflects our future growth and profitability expectations. For our June 30, 2024 impairment testing, we reduced our estimated future cash flows related to our BetterHelp reporting unit used in the impairment assessment, including revenues and margin, to reflect our best and most recent estimates at this time. We also updated certain significant inputs into the valuation models including the discount rate, which increased to 15 , reflecting, in part, higher interest rates. Our updates to our discount rate and estimated future cash flows each had a significant impact to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. 
 
 After recording this goodwill impairment charge, there is no excess of the BetterHelp reporting unit s fair value over its carry value, so any further decrease in the reporting unit s fair value would result in an additional impairment charge. In the event there are further adverse changes in our projected cash flows and/or further changes in key assumptions, including but not limited to an increase in the discount rate, lower revenue growth, lower margin, and/or a lower terminal growth rate, we may be required to record additional non-cash impairment charges to our goodwill, other intangibles, and other long-lived assets. Such non-cash charges could have a material adverse effect on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Balance Sheets in the reporting period of the charge. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures to clarify and enhance an understanding of past performance, which include Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) and free cash flow. We believe that the presentation of these financial measures enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance, and are commonly used by investors to evaluate our performance and that of our competitors. We further believe that these financial measures are useful financial metrics to assess our operating performance and financial and business trends from period-to-period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business, and that free cash flow reflects an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, when viewed together with GAAP results, provides management, investors, and other users of our financial information with a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for business planning purposes and in measuring our performance relative to that of our competitors. We utilize Adjusted EBITDA as a key measure of our performance. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA consists of net loss before provision for income taxes; other (income) expense, net; interest income; interest expense; depreciation of property and equipment; amortization of intangible assets; restructuring costs; acquisition, integration, and transformation cost; goodwill impairment; and stock-based compensation. 
 
 Free cash flow is net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs. 
 
 Our use of these non-GAAP terms may vary from that of others in our industry, and other companies may calculate such measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 
 Non-GAAP measures have important limitations as analytical tools and you should not consider them in isolation, and they should not be considered as an alternative to net loss before provision for income taxes, net loss, net loss per 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 share, net cash from operating activities or any other measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA eliminates the impact of the provision for income taxes on our results of operations, and it does not reflect other (income) expense, net, interest income, or interest expense; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect restructuring costs. Restructuring costs may include certain lease impairment costs, certain losses related to early lease terminations, and severance; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect significant acquisition, integration, and transformation costs. Acquisition, integration and transformation costs include investment banking, financing, legal, accounting, consultancy, integration, fair value changes related to contingent consideration and certain other transaction costs related to mergers and acquisitions. It also includes costs related to certain business transformation initiatives focused on integrating and optimizing various operations and systems, including upgrading our CRM and ERP systems. These transformation cost adjustments made to our results do not represent normal, recurring, operating expenses necessary to operate the business but rather, incremental costs incurred in connection with our acquisition and integration activities; 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect goodwill impairment; and 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the significant non-cash stock-based compensation expense which should be viewed as a component of recurring operating costs. 
 
 In addition, although amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of property and equipment are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any expenditures for such replacements. 
 
 We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP measures along with other comparative tools, together with GAAP measurements, to assist in the evaluation of operating performance. Such GAAP measurements include net loss, net loss per share, net cash provided by operating activities, and other performance measures. 
 
 In evaluating these financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in this presentation. Our presentation of these non-GAAP measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the dollar and percentage change between the respective periods (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Revenue 640,508 660,238 (19,730) (3) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, which are shown separately below) 179,745 185,960 (6,215) (3) Advertising and marketing 177,462 186,152 (8,690) (5) Sales 47,465 52,309 (4,844) (9) Technology and development 72,383 84,289 (11,906) (14) General and administrative 114,245 115,716 (1,471) (1) Goodwill impairment N/M Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs 457 5,824 (5,367) (92) Restructuring costs 3,580 411 3,169 N/M Amortization of intangible assets 86,906 91,834 (4,928) (5) Depreciation of property and equipment 2,666 2,468 198 8 Total costs and expenses 684,909 724,963 (40,054) (6) Loss from operations (44,401) (64,725) 20,324 (31) Interest income (15,326) (12,606) (2,720) 22 Interest expense 5,660 5,646 14 Other (income) expense, net (2,239) 1,792 (4,031) (225) Loss before provision for income taxes (32,496) (59,557) 27,061 (45) Provision for income taxes 780 (2,484) 3,264 (131) Net loss (33,276) (57,073) 23,797 (42) Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.19) (0.35) 0.16 (46) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 83,255 88,757 (5,502) (6) 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 (2) N/M - not meaningful 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the dollar and percentage change between the respective periods (in thousands, except per share data): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Revenue 1,929,083 1,941,888 (12,805) (1) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, which are shown separately below) 562,342 566,607 (4,265) (1) Advertising and marketing 531,061 541,698 (10,637) (2) Sales 152,267 160,329 (8,062) (5) Technology and development 230,522 258,583 (28,061) (11) General and administrative 335,494 355,702 (20,208) (6) Goodwill impairment 790,000 790,000 N/M Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs 1,287 16,848 (15,561) (92) Restructuring costs 14,753 16,043 (1,290) (8) Amortization of intangible assets 276,825 231,205 45,620 20 Depreciation of property and equipment 7,203 8,345 (1,142) (14) Total costs and expenses 2,901,754 2,155,360 746,394 35 Loss from operations (972,671) (213,472) (759,199) N/M Interest income (42,840) (33,075) (9,765) 30 Interest expense 16,957 16,744 213 1 Other (income) expense, net (1,306) (2,908) 1,602 (55) Loss before provision for income taxes (945,482) (194,233) (751,249) N/M Provision for income taxes 7,354 (2,755) 10,109 N/M Net loss (952,836) (191,478) (761,358) N/M Net loss per share, basic and diluted (5.61) (1.17) (4.44) N/M Adjusted EBITDA (1) 235,876 213,677 22,199 10 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 (2) N/M - not meaningful 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (33,276) (57,073) (952,836) (191,478) Add: Provision for income taxes 780 (2,484) 7,354 (2,755) Other (income) expense, net (2,239) 1,792 (1,306) (2,908) Interest expense 5,660 5,646 16,957 16,744 Interest income (15,326) (12,606) (42,840) (33,075) Depreciation of property and equipment 2,666 2,468 7,203 8,345 Amortization of intangible assets 86,906 91,834 276,825 231,205 Restructuring costs 3,580 411 14,753 16,043 Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs 457 5,824 1,287 16,848 Goodwill impairment 790,000 Stock-based compensation 34,047 52,945 118,479 154,708 Adjusted EBITDA 83,255 88,757 235,876 213,677 Teladoc Health Integrated Care 68,039 62,805 179,741 135,900 BetterHelp 15,216 25,952 56,135 77,777 Adjusted EBITDA 83,255 88,757 235,876 213,677 
 
 Revenue. Total revenue was 640.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 660.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 19.7 million, or 3 . This decrease in revenue was driven substantially by lower revenue in our BetterHelp segment. Total access fees were 555.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 582.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 26.8 million, or 5 . Other revenue, which predominately includes visit fees and, to a lesser extent, revenue from the sales of our telehealth solutions for hospitals and health systems, was 85.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 78.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 7.1 million, or 9 . For the three months ended September 30, 2024, 87 and 13 of our revenue was derived from access fees and other revenue, respectively, as compared to 88 and 12 , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. By geography, International revenue increased by 15 to 104.3 million while U.S. revenue decreased by 6 to 536.2 million, each compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease of total revenue was 1 , from 1,941.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1,929.1 million. This decrease was driven substantially by lower revenue in our BetterHelp segment. Revenue from access fees was 1,672.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,708.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 36.5 million, or 2 . Other revenue was 257.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 233.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 23.7 million, or 10 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 87 and 13 of our revenue was derived from access fees and other revenue, respectively, as compared to 88 and 12 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. By geography, International revenue increased by 13 to 304.5 million while U.S. revenue decreased by 3 to 1,624.6 million, each compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Cost of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, which are shown separately below) . Cost of revenue was 179.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 186.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 6.2 million, or 3 . The decrease was primarily driven by lower physician and product shipping costs, partially offset by higher amortization of device costs. On a year-to-date basis, cost of revenue decreased by 4.3 million, or 1 , to 562.3 million. The decrease was also primarily driven by lower physician and product shipping costs, partially offset by higher amortization of device costs. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Advertising and Marketing Expenses. Advertising and marketing expenses were 177.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 186.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 8.7 million, or 5 . This decrease primarily reflects lower digital and media advertising costs. On a year-to-date basis, advertising and marketing expenses decreased by 10.6 million, or 2 , to 531.1 million. The decrease was driven mainly by lower digital and media advertising costs and lower employee compensation costs. 
 
 Sales Expenses. Sales expenses were 47.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 52.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 4.8 million, or 9 . On a year-to-date basis, sales expenses decreased by 8.1 million, or 5 , to 152.3 million. The decreases in both the three month and year-to-date periods reflect lower employee compensation costs, partially offset by higher costs for professional fees. 
 
 Technology and Development Expenses. Technology and development expenses were 72.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 84.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 11.9 million, or 14 . On a year-to-date basis, technology and development expenses decreased by 28.1 million, or 11 , to 230.5 million. The decreases for both the three month and year-to-date periods reflect lower employee compensation costs and professional fees, partially offset by higher infrastructure, hosting, and software license costs associated with running operations as well as ongoing projects and services to continuously improve and optimize our products and services. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, research and development costs, which exclude amounts reflected as capitalized software development costs, were 22.4 million and 31.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, research and development costs were 69.5 million and 95.4 million, respectively. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased 1.5 million, or 1 , to 114.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 115.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower employee compensation costs, indirect taxes, therapist onboarding costs, and bad debt expense, offset by higher legal costs, professional fees, and software and infrastructure costs. On a year-to-date basis, general and administrative expenses decreased 20.2 million, or 6 , to 335.5 million. The decrease was primarily driven by lower employee compensation costs, therapist onboarding costs, indirect taxes, and bad debt expenses, partially offset by higher legal costs and software and infrastructure costs. 
 
 As a result of the termination of our former CEO, we recognized approximately 6.4 million of related costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with 1.2 million for cash severance costs and 5.2 million for stock-based compensation. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment. As discussed earlier under the section "Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies: Goodwill Impairment Charge," we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 790.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from the June 30, 2024 interim goodwill impairment testing performed. The non-cash charge had no impact on the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Acquisition, Integration, and Transformation Costs. Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs primarily consisted of costs to integrate and upgrade our Customer Relationship Management and Enterprise Resource Planning ecosystem and were 0.5 million and 5.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and were 1.3 million and 16.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Restructuring Costs . Restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 3.6 million, of which 2.3 million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and 1.3 million was related to costs associated with office space reductions, including 1.0 million of right-of-use asset impairment charges. Restructuring costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were 14.8 million, with 10.7 million of employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs, 1.3 million of costs associated with office space reductions, including 1.0 million of right-of-use asset impairment charges, and 2.8 million of other restructuring related costs. 
 
 Restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were 0.4 million, of which 0.2 million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and 0.2 million was related to costs associated with office space reductions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 16.0 million of restructuring costs, of which 7.9 million was for employee transition, severance, employee benefits, and related costs and 8.1 million was related to costs associated with office space reductions, including 4.9 million of right-of-use asset impairment charges. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of Intangible Assets. 
 
 The following table shows amortization of intangible assets broken down by components for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization of acquired intangibles 51,089 69,189 (26) 179,372 172,210 4 Amortization of capitalized software development costs 35,817 22,645 58 97,453 58,995 65 Amortization of intangible assets expense 86,906 91,834 (5) 276,825 231,205 20 
 
 In the second half of 2023, we initiated a strategy to transition the majority of our chronic condition management Clients and members to the Teladoc Health brand on a phased basis, with a smaller subset continuing to be served under the Livongo trade name beyond 2024. In connection with the brand strategy, we accelerated the amortization of intangible assets that are associated with the Livongo trademark, increasing amortization of intangible assets expense in the year ended December 31, 2023 and continuing through the six months ended June 30, 2024, with corresponding reductions thereafter. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was 86.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 
 91.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 4.9 million, or 5 . The decrease was primarily driven by the lower amortization associated with the Livongo trademark, partially offset by an increase in the amortization of capitalized software development costs related to our investment in platforms. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was 276.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 231.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 45.6 million, or 20 . The higher expense was driven by higher amortization of intangible assets due to the acceleration of amortization associated with the Livongo trademark as well as an increase in the amortization of capitalized software development costs related to our investment in platforms. 
 
 Depreciation of Property and Equipment. Depreciation of property and equipment was 2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.2 million, or 8 . On a year-to-date basis, depreciation of property and equipment was 7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 1.1 million, or 14 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income consisted of interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. Interest income was 15.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest income was 42.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 33.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for both periods was primarily driven by higher interest rate yields and an increase in cash and cash equivalent balances. 
 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense consisted of interest costs and the amortization of debt discounts primarily associated with the convertible senior notes. Interest expense was 5.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense was 17.0 million and 16.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense, net. Other (income) expense, net was an income of 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an expense of 1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Other (income) expense, net was an income of 1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting gains on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and a gain on the partial sale of a business, partially offset by losses on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes . We recorded an income tax expense of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.5 million income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and an 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 income tax expense of 7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.8 million income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Segment Information 
 
 The following tables set forth the results of operations by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Teladoc Health Integrated Care 2024 2023 Variance Revenue 383,666 374,416 9,250 2 Adjusted EBITDA 68,039 62,805 5,234 8 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 17.7 16.8 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Teladoc Health Integrated Care 2024 2023 Variance Revenue 1,138,198 1,084,438 53,760 5 Adjusted EBITDA 179,741 135,900 43,841 32 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 15.8 12.5 
 
 Integrated Care total revenues increased by 9.3 million, or 2 , to 383.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, reflecting higher visit revenue in the U.S., as well as strong growth internationally. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Integrated Care total revenues increased by 53.8 million, or 5 , to 1,138.2 million, primarily on higher chronic care results and higher visit revenue in the U.S., as well as strong growth internationally. 
 
 Integrated Care Adjusted EBITDA increased by 5.2 million, or 8 , to 68.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflecting higher gross profit and lower other operating expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Integrated Care Adjusted EBITDA increased by 43.8 million, or 32 , to 179.7 million, primarily reflecting higher gross profit and lower other operating expenses. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, BetterHelp 2024 2023 Variance Therapy Services 250,588 281,204 (30,616) (11) Other Wellness Services 6,254 4,618 1,636 35 Total Revenue 256,842 285,822 (28,980) (10) Adjusted EBITDA 15,216 25,952 (10,736) (41) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 5.9 9.1 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, BetterHelp 2024 2023 Variance Therapy Services 773,373 845,420 (72,047) (9) Other Wellness Services 17,512 12,030 5,482 46 Total Revenue 790,885 857,450 (66,565) (8) Adjusted EBITDA 56,135 77,777 (21,642) (28) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 7.1 9.1 
 
 BetterHelp total revenues decreased by 29.0 million, or 10 , to 256.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by a 13 decrease in average monthly paying users. BetterHelp total revenues 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 decreased by 66.6 million, or 8 , to 790.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by a 13 decrease in average monthly paying users. 
 
 BetterHelp Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 10.7 million, or 41 , to 15.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflecting the impact of revenues declining more than expenses. BetterHelp Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 21.6 million, or 28 , to 56.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflecting the impact of revenues declining more than expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Summary 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 207,778 219,939 Net cash used in investing activities (94,408) (119,841) Net cash provided by financing activities 6,254 12,629 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes 567 (382) Total increase in cash and cash equivalents 120,191 112,345 
 
 Our principal source of liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents, totaling 1,243.9 million as of September 30, 2024. During 2023, we experienced positive operating cash flow and we anticipate continuing positive operating cash flow results for 2024. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and contractual obligation needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, contract renewal activity, number of visits, our ability to retain and/or obtain new members, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, our expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced services offerings, the continuing market acceptance of telehealth, and our debt service obligations. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, and to settle debt obligations. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of equity securities, debt issuance, and bank borrowings. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding convertible notes for an aggregate principal amount of 550.7 million due within the next 12 months. See Note 9. Convertible Senior Notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on our convertible senior notes. 
 
 We were in compliance with all debt covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 
 We routinely enter into contractual obligations with third parties to provide professional services, licensing, and other products and services in support of our ongoing business. The current estimated cost of these contracts is not expected to be significant to our liquidity and capital resources based on contracts in place as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash from Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities consisted of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and the cash effect of changes in assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 207.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 219.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year change was primarily driven by higher incentive compensation payments. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation, provider fees, engagement marketing, direct-to-consumer digital and media advertising, inventory, insurance, technology costs, interest expense and acquisition, integration, and transformation costs. Historically, cash compensation is at its highest level in the first quarter when discretionary employee compensation related to the previous fiscal year is paid. 
 
 Cash from Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 94.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 119.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Amounts for both periods relate to payments for capitalized software development costs associated with ongoing projects to continuously improve and optimize our products and services. 
 
 Cash from Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.3 million and 12.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting lower proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Free Cash Flow 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in thousands, unaudited): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 207,778 219,939 Capital expenditures (4,658) (10,060) Capitalized software development costs (89,750) (109,781) Free Cash Flow 113,370 100,098 
 
 Free cash flow was 113.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 100.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The year-over-year change was driven by decreases in payments for capitalized expenditures and capitalized software development costs, offset by higher incentive compensation payments. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk and Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are subject to interest rate volatility, which impacts the amount of interest income earned, and represents our principal market risk. A 1 change in interest rates would result in a change of interest income generated from our cash and cash equivalents by approximately 12 million over the next 12 months. We do not expect cash flows related to our convertible senior notes to be affected by a sudden change in market interest rates as they bear fixed interest rates. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 We operate our business primarily within the U.S. which accounts for approximately 84 of our revenues. We have not utilized hedging strategies with respect to our foreign currency exchange exposure as we believe it is not expected to have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Concentrations of Risk and Significant Clients 
 
 Our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Although we deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions in the U.S. and in foreign countries, our deposits, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Our cash equivalents are primarily invested in institutional money market funds. 
 
 No single Client represented over 10 of consolidated revenues for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. For the Integrated Care segment, a significant portion of our revenue is derived from large enterprises, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 mainly health plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue from the five largest customers accounted for 31 of total Integrated Care segment revenue. For the BetterHelp segment, there is no significant concentration risk as substantially all revenue is generated from individuals in the direct-to-consumer market. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. Descriptions of certain legal proceedings to which we are a party are contained in Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 For a discussion of potential risks and uncertainties related to our Company see the information in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section in Part I, Item 2, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 5. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the following officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933), which was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule10b5-1(c): 
 
 , , our , a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that provides for the sale of up to shares of our common stock through . 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Index 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Teladoc Health, Inc. 
 8-K 001-37477 3.1 6/2/22 3.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Bylaws of Teladoc Health, Inc. 
 10-K 001-37477 3.2 2/23/24 10.1 Release and Separation Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2024, by and between Teladoc Health, Inc. and Michael Waters. 
 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The Cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 ___________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 TELADOC HEALTH, INC. Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ CHARLES DIVITA, III Name: Charles Divita, III Title: Chief Executive Officer Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ MALA MURTHY Name: Mala Murthy Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 42 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 tdoc-20240930xexx101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 September 27, 2024 
 Michael Waters Via e-mail 
 
 Dear Michael 
 This letter agreement, (together with the attachments, the Agreement ), reflects our mutual understanding with respect to your future services and expected separation from Teladoc Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or we and sets forth the payments and benefits that you will be eligible to receive under this Agreement. 
 1. Separation . As of the date hereof, we hereby acknowledge your intent to resign on the close of business on December 31, 2024 (the Separation Date ), with great thanks for your valuable contributions to the Company to date. You and the Company agree that you intend to continue to be employed and will provide agreed upon reasonable transition services to the Company through the Separation Date (the Transition Period ). During the Transition Period, you may engage in outside business activities with non-competitive entities so long as they do not materially interfere with the performance of your duties or pose a conflict of interest provided that for so long as you remain employed by the Company you shall be subject to the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Related-Party Transaction Policy and other relevant policies, as reasonably administered by the Company in a manner consistent with past practice, and provided, further that during the Transition Period, the Company shall not object to you joining the board of any portfolio company of Morningside Technology Advisory, LLC. On the Separation Date, your employment with the Company will terminate in all capacities and you will cease to serve the Company as its Chief Operating Officer. You and the Company will mutually agree on all internal and external announcements regarding your departure. 
 2. Base Salary and Benefits Throu g h and After the Separation Date . 
 a. Through the Transition Period you will continue to receive your current annual salary on the Company s regular payroll days and participate in the Company s benefits at your current level of coverage and continue to vest in your equity grants pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreements. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if the Company terminates your employment prior to December 31, 2024 (other than due to a material breach of this Agreement which has not been cured within 10 business days of written notice from the Company to you detailing the breach), the Company shall continue to pay you all compensation and benefits under this Agreement (including under this Section 2(a), 2(b), 3 and 4) as if your employment ended December 31, 2024. For the avoidance of doubt, during the Transition Period, nothing herein shall operate to prohibit you from receiving any severance benefits you are entitled to under the Teladoc Health, Inc. Level 14 Severance Plan (the Severance Plan ), as amended by the relevant provisions of your Employment Agreement (as defined below), in the context of a 

Change of Control (as such term is defined in the Severance Plan) or other corporate transaction. 
 b. Subject to your continued employment, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, through the Separation Date, for a period of nine (9) months following the Separation Date (a) you will be entitled to receive continued base salary at your current annual salary rate, paid in accordance with the Company s payroll practices in the ordinary course and (b) the Company shall pay the COBRA premiums necessary to continue your and your covered dependents health insurance coverage in effect as of the Separation Date, provided that you timely elect continued coverage under COBRA for you or yourself and your covered dependents under the Company s group health (medical, dental or vision) plans following the Separation Date, . 
 3. 2024 Bonus . Subject to your continued employment, consistent with the terms of this Agreement, through the Separation Date, you will be entitled to receive your annual cash incentive bonus for the performance year ending December 31, 2024 (the Bonus ), based on actual performance as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or its designee, paid in cash within ten (10) days of the Company s reasonable ability to determine it, in no event later than March 15, 2025. 
 4. Treatment of Equity . 
 a. You acknowledge that you will not be eligible to receive additional Company equity grants in 2024 or subsequent years. 
 b. Provided that (i) you remain an employee of the Company through the Separation Date (except as set forth above in Section 2(a) in which event you remain entitled to these payments and benefits set forth in this Section 4(b)), (ii) you execute the General Release Agreement set forth as Appendix A hereto (the General Release within 21 days hereof, and you do not revoke the General Release within seven days of execution, and (iii) you execute the Reaffirmation Page set forth as Appendix B hereto (the Reaffirmation Page on or within 21 days after the Separation Date, all unvested equity or equity-based awards granted to you under any equity compensation plans of the Company that were scheduled to vest within nine (9) months after the Separation Date will immediately become vested as to time, with any such awards that are subject to performance-based vesting conditions remaining eligible to vest to the extent such performance conditions are satisfied during that 9-month period (the Equity Vesting Acceleration Benefit provided that nothing herein shall operate to extend the term, if any, of an award beyond the final expiration date provided in the applicable award agreement or prohibit the award from being treated in substantially the same manner as awards held by the Company s other senior executives in the context of a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement) or other corporate transaction. You acknowledge and agree that the list of your outstanding equity grants that are eligible for 
 2 

vesting following the Separation Date (subject to performance conditions if applicable) is set forth on Schedule I . Except as provided in this paragraph, all unvested equity grants will be forfeited as of the Separation Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all equity grants (whether currently vested or that will become vested as outlined in this paragraph) shall be governed by the relevant terms of the award agreements and the equity incentive plan or plans under which such grants were issued, except as necessary to take into account modifications made by this paragraph. 
 You hereby acknowledge that under the original terms of the applicable award agreements, you would not be entitled to such equity acceleration and that such benefits are in consideration for and conditioned upon your compliance in all material respects with the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of this Agreement. 
 5. Forfeiture. In the event of your material breach of the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 11 and or 12 of this Agreement at any time, you will forfeit all remaining amounts owed to you under Sections 2(b), 3 (the Forfeiture Penalty provided, however, that the Forfeiture Penalty shall not be the exclusive remedy for any and all material breaches by you of Sections 7, 9, 10, 11 and or 12. 
 
 6. Additional Benefits Release Rea f firmation Pa g e . You acknowledge and agree that certain payments and benefits described herein are in excess of the total payments and benefits that you would otherwise be eligible to receive upon your termination of employment, absent this Agreement. In order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement to provide you these additional benefits, you will (a) sign the General Release as set forth as Appendix A hereto, within 21 days of receipt, (b) not revoke such General Release within the seven-day period as set forth in the General Release and (c) on the Separation Date, or within 21 days thereafter, sign the Reaffirmation Page as set forth as Appendix B hereto and not timely revoke the Reaffirmation Page within the seven-day period as set forth in the General Release. In addition to your execution and non-revocation of the General Release and Reaffirmation Page, as applicable, your continuing entitlement to the payments and benefits described in this Agreement is subject to your continuing compliance in all material respects with the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of this Agreement as set forth in Section 5 above. You hereby acknowledge that, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any cash or non-cash consideration or other benefits of any kind from the Company, including any payments or benefits to which you may have been entitled under any of the Company s equity compensation plans and related award agreements or any other agreement with the Company or any severance plan, policy or agreement of the Company. The Company also agrees that it shall timely execute and deliver the Release and the Reaffirmation Page within the same deadlines applicable to you. 
 
 3 

7. Confidential Information Assignment of Inventions . 
 a. You understand and agree that you remain subject to the covenants set forth in Sections 9 and 10 of the Executive Employment Agreement between you and the Company, dated as of July 15, 2022 (the Employment Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement by and between the Company and you, dated as of June 16, 2022 (the Confidentiality Agreement ). 
 8. Employee Protections . 
 a. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other confidentiality provision or agreement to which you may become subject to as a result of your employment with the Company, nothing in this Agreement or otherwise limits your ability to communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (each, a Government Agency regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to the Company. The Company may not retaliate against you for any of the foregoing activities, and nothing in this Agreement requires you to waive any monetary award or other payment that you might become entitled to from the SEC or any other Government Agency. Nothing in this agreement precludes you from filing a charge of discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a like charge or complaint with a state or local fair employment practice agency provided , however , once this Agreement becomes effective, you will not be entitled to receive a monetary award or any other form of personal relief from the Company in connection with any such charge or complaint that you file or is filed on your behalf. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company nonetheless asserts and does not waive its attorney-client privilege over any information appropriately protected by the privilege. 
 b. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you will not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, if you file a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, you may disclose the trade secret to your attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if you (x) file any document containing the trade secret under seal and (y) do not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Further, in the event that disclosure of Confidential Information was not done in good faith pursuant to the above, you 
 4 

may be subject to substantial damages, including punitive damages and attorneys fees. 
 9. Mutual Non-Dispara g ement . You and the Company acknowledge and agree that the non-disparagement provision set forth in Section 11 of your Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect pursuant to the applicable terms of such provision following the Separation Date. Likewise, the Company shall not at any time, and shall instruct all employees at the salary grade level 13 and above to not, in any way, undertake to disparage, demean, or cast in a false, misleading or negative light, you, or in any other way publish negative statements about you or exhibit an attitude of hostility toward you. This provision shall not preclude either party (or the applicable employee) from (i) providing truthful testimony in response to legal process and (ii) correcting false or misleading statements made about you by the Company or any of its officers or directors on one hand, or correcting false or misleading statements made by you about the Company or any of its subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and executives on the other. 
 10. Non-Competition . Provided that the Company complies with its obligations in this Agreement, you agree that during the period between the date of this Agreement and nine (9) months following the Separation Date (the Restricted Period ), you will not, without the prior written consent of the Board, directly or indirectly, and whether as a principal, investor, employee, officer, director, manager, partner, consultant, agent or otherwise, alone or in association with any other person, firm, corporation or other business organization, carry on, own, manage, operate, participate in or be employed or engaged by, a Competing Business (as defined below) in any jurisdiction in which the Company is then engaged, or at any time during such period becomes or became engaged provided, however , that nothing herein will limit your right to (a) be employed or engaged by a separate division or operating unit (a Division of a multi-divisional business or enterprise that had at least 100 million in revenue for the last completed fiscal year (such business or enterprise, a Permitted Enterprise if (x) the Division in which you are employed or engaged does not design, develop, distribute, support, market, consult on, license, or sell products or services in the Competing Business, (y) you do not provide services, directly or indirectly, to any other division or operating unit of such Permitted Enterprise that designs, develops, distributes, supports, markets, consults on, licenses, or sells products or services in the Competing Business (such division or operating unit, a Competitive Division and (z) the Competitive Divisions of the Permitted Enterprise, in the aggregate, accounted for less than 20 of the Permitted Enterprise s consolidated revenues for the last completed fiscal year, and each subsequent quarterly period, prior to your employment or engagement by the Division (b) have beneficial ownership in, or become employed or engaged by, a private debt, venture capital or private equity investment fund that invests in any portfolio company that engages in a Competing Business so long as you do not have the ability to control or exercise any managerial influence over such portfolio company that engages in a Competing Business (c) own not more than 1 of the debt or equity securities of any business organization that is then filing reports with the Securities and Exchange 
 5 

Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (d) look for employment or other engagement or (e) enter into any employment or similar agreement provided that your employment or other engagement in a Competing Business does not commence during the Restricted Period. For purposes of this Agreement, Competing Business means any business that is operating in digital health that provides any of the following products or services (i) virtual urgent or primary care (ii) virtual behavioral health (iii) platforms or networked devices for hospital and health systems to provide virtual care or (iv) chronic condition management. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prohibit you from acting as a board member or non-employee paid advisor, during the Restricted Period, to a digital health company that had no greater than 250 million in revenue for the last completed fiscal year, provided that you comply with your obligations under Sections 7, 11 and 12 hereunder, which for the avoidance of doubt shall include the covenants set forth in Sections 9 and 10 of the Employment Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, provided, further that you may acquire equity in any such company that you act as a board member or non-employee paid advisor to, pursuant to this sentence. 
 11. Non-Solicit . You agree that during the between the date of this Agreement and nine (9) months following the Separation Date (the Non-Solicit Period ), you will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any management-level employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment, consulting or other provision of services to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, management-level employee means any employee designated as Vice President and above. 
 12. Non-Inducement and Non-Interference . You agree that during the Non-Solicit Period, you will not knowingly and intentionally induce or attempt to induce any customer, client, supplier, licensee or other business relationship of the Company to cease doing or reduce their business with the Company. 
 13. Termination . Upon the termination of your employment for any reason, the Company shall pay to you (i) all earned but unpaid base salary through such date of termination (ii) all accrued but unused vacation as of such date of termination (iii) reimbursement for all business expenses that you incurred during your employment with the Company in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy and (iv) any vested employee benefits in accordance with the terms and conditions with the applicable Company benefit plan or arrangement. 
 14. Indemnification Agreement . The Company shall comply with the terms of the Indemnification Agreement, dated July 25, 2022, between the Company and you (the Indemnification Agreement ), which shall remain in full force and effect following the execution of this Agreement and shall survive the termination of your employment for any reason. 
 15. Governin g Law Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement, for all purposes, will be construed in accordance with the laws of New York without regard to conflicts-of-law principles. Any action or proceeding by either you or the Company to enforce this 
 6 

Agreement will be brought only in any state or federal court located in the State of New York, County of Westchester. You and the Company hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 
 16. Notices . All notices, requests and other communications under this Agreement, the General Release and the Reaffirmation Page will be in writing (including facsimile, Adobe Sign or similar writing) to the applicable address (or to such other address as to which notice is given in accordance with this Section 16). 
 If to you Michael Waters ____________ 
 With a copy to Becker, Glynn, Muffly, Chassin & Holinski LLP 299 Park Avenue New York, NY 10171 Attn Bonnie Klugman Email BKlugman beckerglynn.com 
 If to the Company Teladoc Health, Inc. 2 Manhattanville Road, Suite 203 Purchase, NY 10577 Attn Adam Vandervoort 
 
 Each such notice, request or other communication will be effective only when received by the receiving party provided, however, that the Company s obligation to copy your counsel on any notice below shall not qualify as formal notice hereunder. 
 17. Transferability . 
 a. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of you and the Company and their respective successors, heirs (in your case) and permitted assigns. 
 b. No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by it except that such rights and obligations will be automatically assigned or transferred pursuant to a merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other combination in which the Company is not the continuing or resulting entity, or a sale or liquidation of all or substantially all of the Company s business and assets provided that the assignee or transferee is the successor to all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company and expressly assumes the obligations hereunder. 
 7 

c. None of your rights or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by you other than your rights to compensation and benefits, which may be transferred only by will or by operation of law. 
 d. You will be entitled, to the extent permitted under applicable law and applicable plans or programs of the Company, to select and change a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefit hereunder following your death by giving written notice thereof to the Company. In the event of your death or a judicial determination of your incompetence, references in this Agreement to you will be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to your beneficiary, estate, executor or other legal representative. For the avoidance of doubt, your heirs will receive the payments and benefits set forth in Section 2(b), 3 and 4 in the event of your death. 
 18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Signatures delivered by facsimile (including, without limitation, by pdf will be effective for all purposes. 
 19. Entire A g reement . This Agreement (along with your equity award agreements (as amended herein) and the Indemnification Agreement) sets forth the entire agreement and understanding relating to your employment relationship with the Company this Agreement supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations, term sheets, illustrative calculations, proposed arrangements and agreements concerning your employment with the Company and your separation therefrom and may not be amended except by mutual written agreement, executed by you and the Company, that specifically identifies the provisions being amended. 
 20. Representations . 
 a. The Company represents and warrants that (i) it is fully authorized by action of its Board (and of any other person or body whose action is required) to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under it, (ii) to the best of its knowledge and belief, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree or any agreement, arrangement, plan or corporate governance document to which it is a party or by which it is bound and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by you and the Company, this Agreement will be its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. In the event that the foregoing representation is in any respect false, the Company will promptly and fully indemnify you against any liability, loss, expense or obligation that you incur as a result. 
 b. You represent and warrant that (i) to the best of your knowledge and belief, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by you does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree, (ii) you have (A) been 
 8 

individually represented by independent legal counsel of your own selection in reviewing, negotiating and executing the terms of this Agreement, including the General Release and Reaffirmation Page and (B) engaged such independent legal counsel in accordance with California Labor Code Section 925 with the specific intent with full knowledge and understanding and in reliance on your own judgment and any advice provided by such independent legal counsel to designate the substantive laws of the State of New York as the choice of law to be applied to this Agreement, including the restrictive covenants set forth in Sections 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12, the General Release and the Reaffirmation Page, and to designate the State of New York for venue and jurisdiction, and (iii) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by you and the Company, this Agreement will be your valid and binding obligation, enforceable against you in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or laws or principles of equity. In the event that the foregoing representation is false in any respect, you will promptly and fully indemnify the Company against any liability, loss, expense or obligation that the Company incurs as a result. 
 21. Miscellaneous 
 a. Nothing herein changes the at-will nature of your employment. 
 b. No waiver by any person or entity of any breach of any condition or provision contained in this Agreement will be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same or any prior or subsequent time. To be effective, any waiver must be set forth in a writing signed by the waiving person or entity and must specifically refer to the condition(s) or provision(s) of this Agreement being waived. 
 c. The headings of the sections and subsections contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be deemed to control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. 
 d. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any other plan, program, agreement, award document or other arrangement of the Company, the terms of this Agreement will control. 
 e. Payments under this Agreement will be subject to applicable withholding taxes, deductions and required employee tax contributions. This Agreement is intended to either comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the interpretative guidance thereunder, including the exceptions for short-term deferrals, separation pay arrangements, reimbursements, and in-kind distributions. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. In addition, each payment shall be considered a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code and any termination of employment under this Agreement shall mean a 
 9 

separation from service as defined in Section 409A of the Code and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)(1)(ii) (or other similar or successor provision). To the extent any reimbursements or in-kind benefit payments under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, such reimbursements and in-kind benefit payments shall be made in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv) (or any similar or successor provisions). The parties agree to make such other amendments to this Agreement as are necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code if Section 409A of the Code is applicable to this Agreement. 
 If you are deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment that is considered non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit shall be made or provided at the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service , and (B) the date of Employee s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this subsection (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. In no event may you, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation. In no event shall the timing of your execution of a release of claims, directly or indirectly, result in you designating the calendar year of payment, and if a payment that is subject to execution of a release of claims could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made in the later taxable year. 
 f. The Company will pay your legal fees incurred in connection the negotiation of this Agreement up to 25,000 within 30 days of the date hereof. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 10 

Teladoc Health, Inc. 
 By s Adam C. Vandervoort Title Chief Legal Officer Date September 29, 2024 
 I HAVE READ THIS LETTER AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF ITS TERMS. I SIGN AND ENTER THIS LETTER AGREEMENT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF WHAT IT MEANS. 
 Michael Waters 
 s Michael Waters 
 Date September 27, 2024 
 
 Signature Page to Separation Agreement 

APPENDIX A 
 GENERAL RELEASE 
 I, Michael Waters, in consideration of and subject to the performance by Teladoc Health, Inc. (the Company ), of its obligations under the Letter Agreement, by and between me and the Company, dated as of September 27, 2024 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement ), do hereby release and forever discharge as of the date hereof the Company and all present and former directors, officers, agents, representatives, employees, successors and assigns of the Company and the Company s direct or indirect owners (collectively, the Released Parties to the extent provided below, subject to Section 7 of the Agreement. I understand that, in consideration thereof, the Company does hereby release and forever discharge, as of the date hereof, me from any and all claims arising out of, or in connection with, my employment with, or separation from, the Company provided , however , that nothing in the foregoing shall release me from any claim arising from my violation of the Agreement. 
 1. I understand that any payments or benefits paid to me under the Agreement represent, in part, consideration for signing this General Release and are not salary, wages or benefits to which I was already entitled. Such payment or benefits will not be considered compensation for purposes of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained or hereafter established by the Company. I also acknowledge and represent that, subject to the Company s compliance with the provisions of Sections 2, 3, 4, 13 and 14 of the Agreement, I have received all payments and benefits that I am entitled to receive (as of the date hereof) by virtue of any employment by the Company. 
 2. Except as provided in paragraphs 4 and 12 below and except for the provisions of the Agreement which expressly survive during and following the termination of my employment with the Company, I knowingly and voluntarily (for myself, my spouse, and my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) release and forever discharge the Company and the other Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, controversies, actions, causes of action, cross-claims, counterclaims, demands, debts, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive or exemplary damages, other damages, claims for costs and attorneys fees, or liabilities of any nature whatsoever in law and in equity, both past and present (through the date this General Release becomes effective and enforceable) and whether known or unknown, suspected, or claimed against the Company or any of the Released Parties which I, my spouse, or any of my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns may have, which arise out of or are connected with my employment with, or my separation or termination from the Company (including any allegation, claim or violation arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (the ADEA the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 any applicable Executive Order Programs the Fair Labor Standards Act or their state or local 
 A-1 

counterparts or under any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance or under any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company or any claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, infliction of emotional distress or defamation or any claim for costs, fees or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Claims provided, however, that nothing in this General Release releases or waives (i) any right or claim I may have to indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance coverage under the Indemnification Agreement, the bylaws, articles of incorporation, other corporate governance documents or insurance policies of the Company, or applicable law (ii) any right or claim I may have to vested employee benefits under the terms and conditions of any Company plan (iii) any claim or rights arising under the Agreement or (iv) any claims that arise after the date I sign this General Release. 
 3. I represent that I have made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of action or other matter covered by paragraph 2 above. 
 4. I agree that this General Release does not waive or release any rights or claims that I may have under the ADEA which arise after the date I execute this General Release. I acknowledge and agree that my separation from employment with the Company in compliance with the terms of the Agreement will not serve as the basis for any claim or action (including any claim under the ADEA). 
 5. I agree that I am waiving all rights to sue or obtain equitable, remedial or punitive relief from any or all Released Parties of any kind whatsoever, including reinstatement, back pay, front pay, attorneys fees (except as set forth in the Agreement) and any form of injunctive relief. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I further acknowledge that I am not waiving and am not being required to waive any right that cannot be waived under law, including the right to file an administrative charge or participate in an administrative investigation or proceeding. 
 6. In signing this General Release, I acknowledge and intend that it will be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I expressly consent that this General Release will be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims (notwithstanding any state statute that expressly limits the effectiveness of a general release of unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I acknowledge and agree that this waiver is an essential and material term of this General Release and that without such waiver the Company would not have agreed to the terms of the Agreement. I further agree that in the event I should bring a Claim seeking damages against the Company, this General Release will serve as a complete defense to such Claims to the maximum extent permitted by law. I further agree that I am not aware of any pending claim of the type described in paragraph 2 above as of the execution of this 
 A-2 

General Release. I also agree to hold each of the Released Parties harmless from and to indemnify each of the Released Parties against, any and all damages, including attorneys fees and expenses that any of them may suffer on account of any breach of any representation or warranty I make hereunder. 
 7. I represent that I am not aware of any claim by me other than the claims that are released by this General Release. I acknowledge that I may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different than those which I now know or believe to exist with respect to the subject matter of this General Release and which, if known or suspected at the time of entering into this General Release, may have materially affected this General Release and my decision to enter into it. Nevertheless, I hereby waive any right, claim or cause of action that might arise as a result of such different or additional claims or facts. 
 8. Both parties agree that neither the execution of this General Release, nor the furnishing of the consideration for this General Release, will be deemed or construed at any time to be an admission by the Company, any Released Party or myself of any improper or unlawful conduct. 
 9. I agree that I will forfeit all amounts payable by the Company pursuant to the Agreement if I challenge the validity of this General Release other than the validity of the ADEA release. I also agree that if I violate this General Release by suing the Company or the other Released Parties, I will pay all costs and expenses of defending against the suit incurred by the Released Parties, including reasonable attorneys fees, and return all payments received by me pursuant to the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this paragraph 9 will prohibit me from enforcing my rights under the Agreement. 
 10. I agree to reasonably cooperate (with due regard to my personal and professional commitments) with the Company upon the written request of the Board of Directors and or Chief Executive Officer of the Company in any internal investigation, any administrative, regulatory, or judicial proceeding or any dispute with a third party, in each case in accordance with the Agreement, and the Company will reimburse me for any reasonable expenses approved by the Company incurred as a result of such internal investigation, proceeding or dispute, and will comply with the terms of the Indemnification Agreement. 
 11. Notwithstanding anything in this General Release to the contrary, this General Release will not relinquish, diminish or in any way affect any rights or claims arising out of any breach by the Company or by any Released Party of the Agreement after the date hereof, including, without limitation, of the Agreement. 
 12. Whenever possible, each provision of this General Release will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this General Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, and this General Release will 
 A-3 

be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 BY SIGNING THIS GENERAL RELEASE, I REPRESENT AND AGREE THAT 
 (a) I HAVE READ IT CAREFULLY 
 (b) I UNDERSTAND ALL OF ITS TERMS AND KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, INCLUDING RIGHTS UNDER THE ADEA TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, AS AMENDED THE EQUAL PAY ACT OF 1963 THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 AND THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (NOT INCLUDING SUCH RIGHTS AS MAY BE ENFORCEABLE PURSUANT TO MY PARTICIPATION IN A 401(K) PLAN SPONSORED BY THE COMPANY) 
 (c) I VOLUNTARILY CONSENT TO EVERYTHING IN IT 
 (d) I HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE EXECUTING IT, AND I HAVE DONE SO 
 (e) I HAVE BEEN GIVEN ALL TIME PERIODS REQUIRED BY LAW TO CONSIDER THIS GENERAL RELEASE, INCLUDING THE 21-DAY PERIOD REQUIRED BY THE ADEA. I UNDERSTAND THAT I MAY EXECUTE THIS GENERAL RELEASE LESS THAN 21 DAYS FROM ITS RECEIPT FROM THE COMPANY, BUT AGREE THAT SUCH EXECUTION WILL REPRESENT MY KNOWING WAIVER OF SUCH 21-DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD 
 (f) I UNDERSTAND THAT I HAVE SEVEN DAYS AFTER THE EXECUTION OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE TO REVOKE IT AND THAT THIS GENERAL RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED 
 (g) I HAVE SIGNED THIS GENERAL RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND WITH THE ADVICE OF ANY COUNSEL RETAINED TO ADVISE ME WITH RESPECT TO IT AND 
 (h) I AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE MAY NOT BE AMENDED, WAIVED, CHANGED OR MODIFIED EXCEPT BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY AND BY ME. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 A-4 

As evidenced by the signatures below, Michael Waters and the individual executing this General Release for the Company each certify that he or she has read this General Release and understands and agrees to all of its terms. 
 
 By s Michael Waters Michael Waters 
 September 27, 2024 Date 
 Teladoc Health, Inc. 
 By s Adam C. Vandervoort Name Adam C. Vandervoort Title Chief Legal Officer 
 September 29, 2024 Date 
 
 Signature Page to General Release 

APPENDIX B 
 REAFFIRMATION PAGE 
 I, Michael Waters, have confirmed my understanding and agreement to the commitments set forth in the Letter Agreement, by and between me and Teladoc Health, Inc. (the Company ), dated as of September 27, 2024 (as amended from time to time, the Agreement as of the date of my execution. This page represents my reaffirmation of the commitments set forth in the Agreement and the General Release attached thereto as Appendix A (the General Release as of the date hereof, and I hereby agree that the general release of claims pursuant to General Release will be extended to cover any act, omission or occurrence occurring up to and including the date hereof. 
 I ratify and reaffirm the commitments set forth in the Agreement 
 
 Michael Waters 
 Date 
 The Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to the commitments set forth in the Agreement as of the date of execution by the Company below. This page represents the Company s reaffirmation of its commitments set forth in the Agreement and the General Release as of the date hereof, and the Company hereby agrees that the general release of claims pursuant to the General Release will be extended to cover any act, omission or occurrence occurring up to and including the date hereof. 
 The Company hereby ratifies and reaffirm the commitments set forth in the Agreement 
 
 Teladoc Health, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ 
 Name __________________________ 
 Title 
 Date ___________________________ 
 B-1 

Schedule I 

 Schedule I 
 Equity Awards Eligible for Vesting Within Nine Months Following the Separation Date 
 
 Equity Grant Grant 
 Date 
 Vesting Schedule Number of Shares Eligible for Vesting in 9 months Vesting and Settlement Date 2022 Initial Hire RSUs 08 01 2022 Vested 1 3 in August 2023, then quarterly through August 2025 33,960 Promptly Following Separation Date 
 2023 RSUs 03 03 2023 Vested 1 3 in March 2024, then quarterly through March 2026 18,602 Promptly Following Separation Date 
 2023 PSUs 
 (2023 AEBITDA) 
 03 03 2023 Vesting 1 3 in March 2024 (based on 2023 performance), then quarterly through March 2026 6,339 Promptly Following Separation Date 
 2023 PSUs 
 (2024 Revenue) 
 03 03 2023 Vesting 2 3 in March 2025 (subject to 2024 performance), then quarterly through March 2026 24,801 (at target actual between 0 and 200 of target depending on performance) After performance is determined (March 2025) 2024 RSUs 03 19 2024 Vesting 1 3 in March 2025, then quarterly through March 2027 43,748 Promptly Following Separation Date 2024 PSUs (2024 AEBITDA) 03 19 2024 Vesting 1 3 in March 2025 (subject to 2024 performance), then quarterly through March 2027 17,498 (at target actual between 0 and 200 of target depending on performance) After performance is determined (March 2025) 2024 PSUs (2024 FCF) 03 19 2024 Vesting 1 3 in March 2025 (subject to 2024 performance), then quarterly through March 2027 4,374 (at target actual between 0 and 200 of target depending on performance) After performance is determined (March 2025) 
 
 Vesting and determination of amount of shares that would have vested within 9 months remains subject to achievement of Company performance targets through the end of 2024. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tdoc-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Charles Divita, III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Teladoc Health, Inc. (the registrant for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s CHARLES DIVITA, III Charles Divita, III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tdoc-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Mala Murthy, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Teladoc Health, Inc. (the registrant for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s MALA MURTHY Mala Murthy Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tdoc-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Teladoc Health, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles Divita, III, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s CHARLES DIVITA, III Charles Divita, III Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tdoc-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Teladoc Health, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mala Murthy, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s MALA MURTHY Mala Murthy Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tdoc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tdoc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tdoc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tdoc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tdoc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

