<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1130781_0001477932-24-007468.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2253319</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>43109</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>483269</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>471129</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>552734</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>663675</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007468.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119165419
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007468
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEURALBASE AI LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				912090516
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33325
		FILM NUMBER:		241477002

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CALLE 98 NO.19 A - 79 AP
		STREET 2:		410 LOCALIDAD DE CHAPINERO
		CITY:			BOGOTA
		STATE:			F8
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-314-3717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CALLE 98 NO.19 A - 79 AP
		STREET 2:		410 LOCALIDAD DE CHAPINERO
		CITY:			BOGOTA
		STATE:			F8
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Viratech Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Imperia Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070426

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Soleil Film, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007468.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 vira_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

vira_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period Ended: OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period From ____________ to ____________. Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) +1 Registrant s telephone number Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. NEURALBASE AI LTD. FORM 10-Q Index PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements. 4 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 4 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 5 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 6 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED) 7 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 14 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 17 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 17 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 18 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 18 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 18 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 18 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 18 Item 5. Other Information. 18 Item 6. Exhibits. 19 2 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contain, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: anticipate, believe, expect, future, likely, may, plan, seek, will and similar references to future periods actions or results. Examples of forward-looking statements include our prospects for one or more future material transactions, potential sources of financing, and expenses for future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences may include, but are not limited to, those described under the heading Risk Factors which may be included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may subsequently arise. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by the Company in this report and in the Company s other reports filed with the Commission that advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect the Company s business. 3 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. NEURALBASE AI LTD . AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENDSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party Advances Advances - Related party Judgement payable Notes payable - related party Notes payable Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of debt discount Total liabilities Stockholders' deficit Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class B Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 4 Table of Contents NEURALBASE AI LTD . AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating expenses General and administrative Professional fees Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expenses) Gain on forgiveness of accrued liabilities Interest expense Loss on acquisition of intangible assets Total other income (expenses) Net loss before tax provision Tax provision Net income (loss) Net income (loss) per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 5 Table of Contents NEURALBASE AI LTD . AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Impairment of goodwill Gain on settlement of accrued liabilities Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from notes payable Net cash provided by in financing activities Net increase in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Shares issued for asset purchase agreement See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 6 Table of Contents NEURALBASE AI LTD . AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (Unaudited) Class A Preferred Stock Class B Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2023 Net loss - - - Balance, March 31, 2024 Return of shares issued for asset purchase agreement - - Shares issued for services - - Net loss - - - Balance, June 30, 2024 Net income - - - Balance, September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2022 Shares issued for asset purchase agreement - - Net loss - - - Balance, March 31, 2023 Net loss - - - Balance, June 30, 2023 Net loss - - - Balance, September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements 7 Table of Contents NEURALBASE AI LTD (FKA VIRATECH CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2023 restricted shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock received per the terms of the Original APA. Each of Company, Gopishetty, and Blackwell have made other representations as part of the Unwind Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of the Unwind Agreement, on May 16, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement ), with Mr. Frank Gomez and Grupo FG SAS, which is the alter-ego of Mr. Gomez (the Seller ). Grupo FG SAS does not currently conduct any business and was formed specifically to hold various proprietary Artificial Intelligence AI assets relating to that certain technology known as Multidoc AI . Multidoc AI is an artificial intelligence system that allows businesses and organizations to create their own AI assistants capable of resolving queries by extracting information from the universe of documents within the client company itself. Multidoc AI allows organizations to manage their own digital, scanned, or handwritten documents and when a queried, Multidoc AI not only resolves the request but also indicates from which paragraphs and documents it extracted the information to corroborate the answer accuracy (collectively, all assets held by Grupo FG and all related proprietary and non-proprietary technology, know-how, and all other facets of Seller s operations are referred to as the Acquired Assets ). The Company acquired the Acquired Assets in exchange for restricted shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (the Shares to be issued to Seller, or his assigns, concurrently with the closing of the Purchase Agreement. . Additionally, each of the Company and Seller made customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnities in connection with the Purchase Agreement. On May 16, 2024, and in connection with the aforementioned Unwind Agreement, Charandeep Gopishetty resigned as Sole-Officer and Director of the Company. The resignations were not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. Effective immediately upon the foregoing resignation, the Corporation appointed Mr. Frank Gomez Mr. Gomez to serve as Sole-Officer and Director of the Corporation to serve until the next annual meeting of the Corporation or until his respective successor is duly appointed. Mr. Gomez accepted the appointments dated even herewith (the Appointment Date ). 8 Table of Contents and accumulated deficits of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. We are entirely dependent on our ability to attract and receive funding from either the sale of securities or outside sources such as private investment or a strategic partner. We currently have no firm agreements or arrangements with respect to any such financing and there can be no assurance that any needed funds will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient funding of our operations in the future will restrict our ability to grow and reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. Our failure to raise additional funds will adversely affect our business, and may require us to suspend our operations, which in turn may result in a loss to the purchasers of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain necessary financing, we will likely be required to curtail our development plans. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Intangible assets Stock-based compensation 9 Table of Contents Loss per Share Revenue Recognition Fair Value of Financial Instruments Recent Accounting Pronouncements 10 Table of Contents restricted shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock valued at . The Company evaluated the Asset Purchase Agreement in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations which notes the threshold requirements of a business combination that includes the expanded definition of a business and defines elements that are to be present to be determined whether an acquisition of a business occurred. No activities of the acquiree were acquired. Instead, the Company obtained control of a set of inputs (the acquired assets). Thus, the Company determined agreement is an acquisition of assets, not an acquisition of a business in accordance with ASC 805. The Company evaluated the assets on date of acquisition and determined that the value to be and as such the total purchase price of in connection with the assets acquired was recorded as a loss in the consolidated statement of operations during nine months ended September 30, 2024. . The difference between the value of the debt and consideration given of was recorded to gain on forgiveness of accrued expense on the Statement of Operation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 11 Table of Contents for general operating purposes. The notes carry a various interest rates ranging from - and are due on demand. The Company received approval from the U.S. Small Business Administration to fund the Company s request for a loan under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program (EDIL loan). In connection with the EDIL Loan, the Company has entered into the promissory note in principal amount of . The EDIL Loan is scheduled to mature on , has a interest rate, and is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to all loans made pursuant to the EDIL loans as administered by the SBA. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued various promissory notes amounting to for general operating purposes. The notes carry a interest rate of and are due on demand. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had notes due to this noteholder amounting to and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. for general operating purposes to a related party. The note carries a interest rate of and was due on . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had advances due to related parties of and , respectively. The amounts due bears no interest and are due on demand. During the nine months ended September certain related parties forgave accrued expenses amounting to for no consideration. The amount of the debt forgiven has been recorded to gain on forgives of accrued expenses on the Statement of Operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to related parties for services of and , respectively. 12 Table of Contents and shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and shares of Class A preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and Class B preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. On August 5, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors, receiving approximately vote of the Company s shareholders, approved a Seven Thousand Five Hundred for 1 ) Stock Split of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. Whereby, . The Company will retroactively show the effect of the stock split once approved by FINRA. On May 16, 2024, the Company issued restricted shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock valued at for certain intangible assets (See Note 4). On May 16, 2024, a shareholder returned and the Company cancelled restricted shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. 13 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements regarding the Company, its business prospects and its results of operations that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties posed by many factors and events that could cause the Company s actual business, prospects and results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our view only as of the date of this report. The Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or correct any forward-looking statements. Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenues We earned no revenues for three ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Operating Expenses We incurred 17,505 in operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 11,950 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in operating expenses is the result of the increase in professional fees during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We expect our operating expenses will increase in future years as a result of the costs associated with the increased operating activity under our business model. Other Income/Expenses We had other income of 2,087,509 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense of 2,342 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in other income was the result of a gain on forgiveness of accrued expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 Net Income (Loss) We recorded a net income of 2,070,004 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss 14,292 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income was associated with the factors discussed above. Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenues We earned no revenues for nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Operating Expenses We incurred 57,260 in operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 247,419 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in operating expenses is the result of the increase in professional fees during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 14 Table of Contents Other Income/Expenses We had other income of 1,360,033 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense of 6,467 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in other income was the result of a gain on forgiveness of accrued expenses netted against a loss on acquisition of intangible assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Net Income (Loss) We recorded a net income of 1,302,773 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss 6,467 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income was associated with the factors discussed above. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our financing objective is to maintain financial flexibility to meet the material, equipment and personnel needs to support our project commitments, and pursue our expansion and diversification objectives. As of September 30, 2024, we had total current assets of 0 and total current liabilities of 638,556. We had a working capital deficit of 638,556 as of September 30, 2024. Net cash used by operating activities was 57,345 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 28,604 cash used for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our negative operating cash flow for both periods was our net losses, as adjusted to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities. Financing activities provided 57,345 in cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 28,604 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our positive financing cash flow for 2024 and 2023 mainly consisted of proceeds from notes. Critical Accounting Policies This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported values of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported levels of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results and that may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. A discussion of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 15 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. Intangible assets The Company follows Financial Accounting Standard Board s (FASB) Codification Topic 350-10 ASC 350-10 ), Intangibles Goodwill and Other . According to this statement, intangible assets with indefinite lives are no longer subject to amortization, but rather an annual assessment of impairment by applying a fair-value based test. Under ASC 350-10, the carrying value of assets are calculated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows. Stock-based compensation The Company follows ASC 718-10, Stock Compensation , which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 is a revision to SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and supersedes Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and its related implementation guidance. ASC 718-10 requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award (with limited exceptions). Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant date must be recognized. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company has no off-balance-sheet concentrations of credit risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. The Company maintains all of its cash balances with two financial institutions in the form of demand deposits. Earnings per share The Company follows ASC Topic 260 to account for the earnings per share. Basic earnings per common share EPS calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per common share calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding. During periods when common stock equivalents, if any, are anti-dilutive they are not considered in the computation. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company recognizes revenues when satisfying the performance obligation of the associated contract that reflects the consideration expected to be received based on the terms of the contract. Revenue related to contracts with customers is evaluated utilizing the following steps: (i) Identify the contract, or contracts, with a customer; (ii) Identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) Determine the transaction price; (iv) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (v) Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measures fair value in accordance with ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements. ASC 820 defines fair value and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurements. ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are: Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2 - Inputs (other than quoted market prices included in Level 1) are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life. Level 3 - Inputs reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. Valuation of instruments includes unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 16 Table of Contents As defined by ASC 820, the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale, which was further clarified as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability an exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date The reported fair values for financial instruments that use Level 2 and Level 3 inputs to determine fair value are based on a variety of factors and assumptions. Accordingly, certain fair values may not represent actual values of the Company s financial instruments that could have been realized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 or that will be recognized in the future, and do not include expenses that could be incurred in an actual settlement. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, receivables from related parties, prepaid expenses and other, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and related party and third-party notes payables approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. The Company s notes payable approximates the fair value of such instrument based upon management s best estimate of terms that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required under this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management does not believe that there are significant deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal controls that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data. 17 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required under this Item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 18 Table of Contents ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document# 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema# 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase# 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase# 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase# 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase# 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Previously filed with our Registration Statement on Form 10 submitted to the Commission on July 26, 2024. # The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 19 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. NEURALBASE AI LTD. (Registrant) Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Frank Gomez Frank Gomez President, CEO, Principal Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman, CFO (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Quarterly Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title(s) Date /s/ Frank Gomez Director and President, CEO, Principal Executive Officer, November 19, 2024 Frank Gomez Treasurer, Chairman, CFO (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vira_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vira_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Frank Gomez , of Neuralbase AI Ltd. (the Registrant , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Frank Gomez 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vira_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vira_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Frank Gomez , of Neuralbase AI Ltd. (the Registrant , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Frank Gomez 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vira_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vira_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the registrant certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Frank Gomez 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vira_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 vira_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the registrant certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Frank Gomez 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vira-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vira-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vira-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vira-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

