<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_34067_0000034067-24-000156.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7468358</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126026</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1306102</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2771154</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1635308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1481604</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000034067-24-000156.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104163536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000034067-24-000156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DMC Global Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000034067
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRIMARY METAL PRODUCTS [3390]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				840608431
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14775
		FILM NUMBER:		241424145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11800 RIDGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3036655700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11800 RIDGE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BROOMFIELD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DYNAMIC MATERIALS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXPLOSIVE FABRICATORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000034067-24-000156.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 boom-20240930.htm
 10-Q

boom-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO . 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding was as of October 31, 2024. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend the forward-looking statements throughout this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements. Statements contained in this report which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. These statements can sometimes be identified by our use of forward-looking words such as may, believe, plan, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, and other phrases of similar meaning. Such statements include expectations regarding expected benefits from enhancements to our systems and processes at Arcadia Products, North American well completion activity in the fourth quarter of 2024, anticipated profit margin improvements resulting from changes in manufacturing processes and the introduction of new products in DynaEnergetics, continued demand and realization of large order opportunities at NobelClad, our backlog at NobelClad, our ability to access capital markets transactions in the future, the availability of funds to support our liquidity position and our expected future liquidity position. The forward-looking information is based on information available as of the date of this quarterly report and on numerous assumptions and developments that are not within our control. Although we believe that our expectations as expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that our expectations will turn out to be correct. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those factors referenced in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other potential factors, including: geopolitical and economic instability, including recessions or depressions; inflation; supply chain delays and disruptions; the availability and cost of energy; transportation disruptions; the ability to obtain new contracts at attractive prices; the size and timing of customer orders and shipments; product pricing and margins; our ability to realize sales from our backlog; fluctuations in customer demand; fluctuations in foreign currencies; competitive factors; the timely completion of contracts; the timing and size of expenditures; the timely receipt of government approvals and permits; the price and availability of metal, aluminum, and other raw materials; fluctuations in tariffs or quotas; changes in laws and regulations, both domestic and foreign, impacting our business and the business of the end-market users we serve; the adequacy of local labor supplies at our facilities; current or future limits on manufacturing capacity at our various operations; the impact of pending or future litigation or regulatory matters; the availability and cost of funds; our ability to access our borrowing capacity under our credit facility or access the capital markets; the actions of activist stockholders; global economic conditions; and wars, terrorism and armed conflicts. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s analysis only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

INDEX 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive L oss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest for the three and nin e m onths ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine m onths ended S e ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 10 
 Item 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 Signatures 
 44 

3 

Table of Contents 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Less - accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Purchased intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued income taxes Accrued employee compensation and benefits Contract liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding shares 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Other cumulative comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and company stock held for deferred compensation, at par; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Costs and expenses: General and administrative expenses Selling and distribution expenses Amortization of purchased intangible assets Goodwill impairment Strategic review expenses Restructuring expenses and asset impairments Total costs and expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Other expense: Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Income tax provision Net (loss) income ) ) Less: Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 Reconciliation to net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders after adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest for purposes of calculating earnings per share 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders ) ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders after adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Less: comprehensive (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 

Other Treasury Stock, at cost, and Total Redeemable Additional Cumulative Company Stock Held for DMC Global Inc. Non- Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Deferred Compensation, at par Stockholders Controlling Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Shares Amount Equity Interest Balances, December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans ) Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 

 Other Treasury Stock, at cost, and Total Redeemable Additional Cumulative Company Stock Held for DMC Global Inc. Non- Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Deferred Compensation, at par Stockholders Controlling Shares Amount Capital Earnings Loss Shares Amount Equity Interest Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans ) Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Shares issued in connection with stock compensation plans Stock-based compensation Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Treasury stock activity ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

8 

Table of Contents 
 DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in Thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows provided by operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of purchased intangible assets Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense Deferred income taxes Asset impairments Goodwill impairment Other ) ) Change in: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities: Investment in marketable securities ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from property, plant and equipment reimbursements Proceeds on sale of property, plant and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows used in financing activities: Repayments on term loan ) ) Borrowings on term loan Borrowings on revolving loans Repayments on revolving loans ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interest holder ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock to employees and directors Treasury stock purchases ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effects of exchange rates on cash Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

DMC GLOBAL INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Amounts in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 
 (unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net provisions of and , respectively, were recorded. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, net provisions of and , respectively, were recorded. 
 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously reserved ) ) ) Impacts of foreign currency exchange rates and other ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts, September 30, 2024 

10 

Table of Contents 

of the membership interests in Arcadia Products, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company resulting from the conversion of Arcadia, Inc. (collectively, Arcadia Products ). The limited liability company operating agreement for Arcadia Products (the Operating Agreement contains a right for the Company to purchase the remaining interest in Arcadia Products from the minority interest holder on or after December 23, 2024 Call Option ). Similarly, the Operating Agreement permits the minority interest holder of Arcadia Products the right to sell its remaining interest in Arcadia Products to the Company on or after December 23, 2024 Put Option ). The purchase price for any interests sold pursuant to the Call Option or Put Option would be based upon a predefined calculation as included within the Operating Agreement. In connection with an exercise of the Call Option, the Operating Agreement would require payment of the purchase price in cash. However, in connection with the exercise of the Put Option, the Operating Agreement permits the Company the option to pay the purchase price in cash or in a combination of cash and preferred stock that would be authorized at that time. 
 
 The Company initially accounted for the noncontrolling interest at its acquisition date fair value. We determined that neither the Call Option nor the Put Option meet the definition of a derivative as the Operating Agreement does not allow for contractual net settlement, the options cannot be settled outside the Operating Agreement through a market mechanism, and the underlying shares are deemed illiquid as they are not publicly traded and thus not considered readily convertible to cash. Additionally, the settlement price for both options is based upon a predefined calculation tied to adjusted earnings rather than a fixed price, and the formula is based upon a multiple of Arcadia Products average adjusted earnings over a three-year period, subject to a floor value as defined in the Operating Agreement which is based primarily upon a contractually stated equity value. As such, we have concluded that the Call Option and Put Option are embedded within the noncontrolling interest and therefore do not represent freestanding instruments. 
 
 Given that the noncontrolling interest is subject to possible redemption with redemption rights that are not entirely within the control of the Company, we have concluded that the noncontrolling interest should be accounted for in accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ("ASC 480"). The noncontrolling interest is also probable of redemption, as the only criteria for the security to become redeemable is the passage of time. As such, the redeemable noncontrolling interest is classified in temporary equity, separate from the stockholders equity section, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 At each balance sheet date subsequent to acquisition, two separate calculations must be performed to determine the value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest. First, the redeemable noncontrolling interest must be accounted for in accordance with ASC 810 Consolidation ASC 810 whereby income (loss) and cash distributions attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder are ascribed. After this occurs, applicable provisions of ASC 480 must be considered to determine whether any further adjustment is necessary to increase the carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest. An adjustment would only be necessary if the estimated settlement amount of the redeemable noncontrolling interest, per the terms of the Operating Agreement, exceeds the carrying value calculated in accordance with ASC 810. If such adjustment is required, the impact is immediately recorded to retained earnings and additional paid-in capital, upon absence of retained earnings, and therefore does not impact the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations or Comprehensive Income (Loss). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the redeemable noncontrolling interest was and , respectively. The September 30, 2024 redeemable noncontrolling interest value is equal to the floor value per the Operating Agreement. 
 
 Promissory Note 
 
 In order to equalize after-tax consideration to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder relative to an alternative transaction structure, immediately following the closing of the acquisition, the Company loaned to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. The loan was evidenced by an unsecured promissory note, and the loan will be repaid out of proceeds from the sale of the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder s interests in Arcadia Products , whether received upon exercise of the Put Option, the Call Option or upon sales to third parties permitted under the terms of the Operating Agreement. The loan must be repaid in full at the earlier of the exercise of the Put or Call Option, or by December 16, 2051, and has been recorded within Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

11 

Table of Contents 

to days across all of our segments. In instances when we require customers to make advanced payments prior to the shipment of their orders, we record a contract liability. We have determined that our contract liabilities do not include a significant financing component given the short duration between order initiation and order fulfillment within each of our segments. Refer to Note 11 "Business Segments" for disaggregated revenue disclosures. 
 
 See additional revenue recognition policy disclosures specific to each of our business segments within our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

12 

Table of Contents 
 ) Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Less: Undistributed net income available to participating securities ) ) Numerator for basic net (loss) income per share: ) ) Add: Undistributed net income allocated to participating securities Less: Undistributed net income reallocated to participating securities ) ) Numerator for diluted net (loss) income per share: ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding for basic net (loss) income per share Effect of dilutive securities (1) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted net (loss) income per share Net (loss) income per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 (1) Given we were in a net loss position after the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, all potentially dilutive shares were anti-dilutive and were therefore excluded from the determination of diluted EPS. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and shares, respectively, have been excluded as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Deferred compensation assets Other assets Deferred compensation obligations Other current liabilities Deferred compensation obligations Other long-term liabilities 

Money market funds and mutual funds of as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 held to satisfy future deferred compensation obligations are valued based upon the market values of underlying securities and are classified as Level 2 assets in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 We did not hold any Level 3 assets or liabilities as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 5 Goodwill for further information on the valuation approach utilized in assessing the Arcadia Products reporting unit for impairment, which included significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements. 

14 

Table of Contents 

related to the abandonment of a planned manufacturing expansion at DynaEnergetics. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded asset impairments of , primarily attributable to a manufacturing asset at NobelClad that was removed from production. 
 
 Restructuring expenses 
 
 Restructuring expenses are incurred from time to time to improve operational efficiency across our businesses. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded total restructuring expenses of and , respectively. These expenses relate to employee severance associated with headcount reductions at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 

3. 

Work-in-process Finished goods Supplies Total inventories 
 
 Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, 2023: Arcadia Products 
 DynaEnergetics NobelClad DMC Global Inc. Raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods Supplies Total inventories 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks / Trade names ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 Our purchased intangible assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2023: Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Core technology ) Customer backlog ) Customer relationships ) Trademarks / Trade names ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 The change in the gross value of our unamortized purchased intangible assets at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023 was due to foreign currency translation. 

5. 

impairment charge to goodwill during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is included in Goodwill impairment in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

16 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 NobelClad DynaEnergetics Total contract liabilities 
 
 We generally expect to recognize the revenue associated with contract liabilities over a time period no longer than one year, but unforeseen circumstances can cause delays in shipments associated with contract liabilities, primarily supply chain delays and disruptions. 

7. 
 
 Current lease liability Long-term lease liability Total lease liability 
 
 The ROU asset is reported in Other assets while the current lease liability is reported in Other current liabilities and the long-term lease liability is reported in Other long-term liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash paid for operating lease liabilities is recorded as operating cash outflows in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Arcadia Products leases certain office, manufacturing, distribution and warehouse facilities from entities affiliated with the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. There were such leases in effect as of September 30, 2024, with expiration dates ranging from calendar years 2025 to 2031. As of September 30, 2024, the total ROU asset and related lease liability recognized for these leases was and , respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating lease expense was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating lease expense was and , respectively. Related party lease expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively, in each period and is included in total operating lease expense. Short term and variable lease costs were not significant for any period presented. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 Term loan Commerzbank line of credit Outstanding borrowings Less: debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Syndicated Credit Agreement 
 
 On February 6, 2024 , the Company and certain domestic subsidiaries entered into an amendment (the First Amendment to its existing credit agreement with a syndicate of banks, led by KeyBank National Association (the credit facility ). The First Amendment provides for certain changes to the credit facility, including an increase in the maximum commitment amount from to . The credit facility allows for revolving loans of up to , a term loan facility, and a delayed draw term loan facility that can be accessed by the Company at its discretion until February 6, 2026. The term loan facility is amortizable at per quarter beginning on June 30, 2024 through March 31, 2026. Quarterly term loan amortization increases to on June 30, 2026 through March 31, 2028, and increases to from June 30, 2028 through December 31, 2028. A balloon payment for the outstanding term loan balance is due upon the credit facility maturity date of February 6, 2029. The credit facility retains a accordion feature to increase the commitments under the revolving loan and/or by adding one or more term loans subject to approval by the applicable lenders. The credit facility is secured by certain assets of DMC including accounts receivable, inventory, and fixed assets, including Arcadia Products and its subsidiary, as well as guarantees and share pledges by DMC and its subsidiaries. The revolving loan can also be used to issue bank guarantees to customers to secure their advanced payments. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, bank guarantees of and , respectively, were secured. 
 
 Borrowings under the revolving loan limit and Term Loan can be in the form of Adjusted Daily Simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") loans or one month Adjusted Term SOFR loans. Additionally, U.S. dollar borrowings on the revolving loan can be in the form of Base Rate loans (Base Rate borrowings are based on the greater of the administrative agent s Prime rate, an adjusted Federal Funds rate or an adjusted SOFR rate). SOFR loans bear interest at the applicable SOFR rate plus an applicable margin (varying from to ). Base Rate loans bear interest at the defined Base Rate plus an applicable margin (varying from to ). 
 
 The credit facility includes various covenants and restrictions, certain of which relate to the payment of dividends or other distributions to stockholders; redemption of capital stock; incurring additional indebtedness; mortgaging, pledging or disposition of major assets; and maintenance of specified ratios. 
 
 The leverage ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (as defined in the credit facility) on the last day of any trailing four quarter period to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit facility) for such period. The maximum leverage ratio permitted by our credit facility is to 1.0. 
 
 The debt service coverage ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA less the sum of capital distributions paid in cash (other than those made with respect to preferred stock issued under the Operating Agreement), Consolidated Unfunded Capital Expenditures (as defined in the credit facility), and net cash income taxes divided by the sum of cash interest expense, any dividends on the preferred stock paid in cash, and scheduled principal payments on funded indebtedness. Under our credit facility, the minimum debt service coverage ratio permitted is to 1.0. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants and other provisions of our debt agreements. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

for our NobelClad and DynaEnergetics operations in Europe. This line of credit is also used to issue bank guarantees to customers to secure their advanced payments. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings under this line of credit and bank guarantees of and , respectively, were secured. The line of credit has open-ended terms and can be canceled by the bank at any time. 

9. of a share of Series B Participating Preferred Stock for , subject to adjustment and upon such terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Rights Agreement. Rights will generally become exercisable if any person (or any persons acting as a group) acquires Beneficial Ownership (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of , or in the case of certain passive investors, or more of the Company s outstanding common stock. If Rights become exercisable, all holders of Rights (other than the person, entity or group triggering the Rights Agreement, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) will have the right to purchase from the Company for , subject to certain potential adjustments, shares of the Company s common stock having a market value of twice that amount. 
 
 The Rights Agreement expires on June 4, 2025, unless earlier terminated or the Rights are redeemed or exchanged by the Board. There is currently no impact on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

10. 
 
 to ), permanent differences between book and taxable income, and income or loss attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. 
 
 Arcadia Products is treated as a partnership for U.S. tax purposes. With the exception of certain state taxes, income or loss flows through to the shareholders and is taxed at the shareholder level. Tax impacts related to income or loss from Arcadia Products that are included in consolidated pretax results but are attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder are not included in the consolidated income tax provision. 
 
 We assess the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use existing deferred tax assets. Additionally, a three-year cumulative loss at a consolidated financial statement level may be viewed as negative evidence impacting a jurisdiction that by itself is not in a three-year cumulative loss position. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we were in a three-year cumulative loss position at the consolidated financial statement level, driven by losses in the U.S. primarily related to the impairment of Arcadia Products goodwill in the third quarter of 2024. Accordingly, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, we evaluated the impact on all jurisdictions and have recorded a valuation allowance against the corresponding net deferred tax assets in the U.S. as of September 30, 2024. The Company will continue to monitor the realizability of deferred tax assets and the need for valuation allowances and will record adjustments in the periods in which facts support such changes. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides that foreign earnings generally can be repatriated to the U.S. without federal tax consequence. We have assessed the assertion that cumulative earnings by our foreign subsidiaries are indefinitely reinvested. We continue to permanently reinvest the earnings of our international subsidiaries and therefore we do not provide for U.S. income taxes or withholding taxes that could result from the distribution of those earnings to the U.S. parent. If any such earnings were ultimately distributed to the U.S. in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of our international subsidiaries were sold or transferred, we could be subject to additional U.S. federal and state income taxes. Due to the multiple avenues in which earnings can be repatriated, and because a large portion of these earnings are not liquid, it is not practical to estimate the amount of additional taxes that might be payable on these amounts of undistributed foreign income. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

11. 
 segments: Arcadia Products, DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. In December 2021, DMC acquired a controlling interest in Arcadia Products. Arcadia Products designs, engineers, fabricates, and finishes aluminum framing systems, windows, curtain walls, storefronts, entrance systems, and interior partitions to the commercial construction market. Additionally, Arcadia Products supplies customized windows and doors for the ultra-high-end residential construction market. DynaEnergetics designs, manufactures, markets, and sells perforating systems and associated hardware for the global oil and gas industry. NobelClad produces explosion-welded clad metal plates for use in the construction of corrosion resistant industrial processing equipment and specialized transition joints for commuter rail cars, ships, and liquified natural gas (LNG) processing equipment. 
 
 Our reportable segments are separately managed, strategic business units that offer different products and services, and each segment has separate financial information available that is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") in allocating resources and assessing performance. Each segment s products are marketed to different customer types and require different manufacturing processes and technologies. 
 DynaEnergetics NobelClad Net sales 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Loss) income before income taxes: Arcadia Products ) ) DynaEnergetics ) NobelClad Segment operating (loss) income ) ) Unallocated corporate expenses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Unallocated stock-based compensation (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) 
 (1) Unallocated corporate expenses includes strategic review expenses of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 
 (2) Stock-based compensation is not allocated to wholly owned segments DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. Stock-based compensation is allocated to the Arcadia Products segment as of such expense is attributable to the Company, whereas the remaining is attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

DynaEnergetics NobelClad Segment depreciation and amortization Corporate and other Consolidated depreciation and amortization 
 
 The disaggregation of revenue earned from contracts with customers is based on the geographic location of the customer. For Arcadia Products, net sales have been presented consistent with United States regional definitions as provided by the American Institute of Architects. For DynaEnergetics and NobelClad, all net sales are from products shipped from our manufacturing facilities and distribution centers located in the United States, Germany, and Canada. 
 
 South Northeast Midwest Total Arcadia Products 
 
 DynaEnergetics 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 United States Canada India Oman Kuwait Indonesia Rest of the world (1) 
 Total DynaEnergetics 
 
 (1) Rest of the world does not include any individual country comprising sales greater than 5 of total DynaEnergetics revenue for the periods presented. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Canada China Saudi Arabia Netherlands Germany United Arab Emirates France South Africa Australia Italy South Korea Belgium Brazil Rest of the world (1) 
 Total NobelClad 
 
 (1) Rest of the world does not include any individual country comprising sales greater than 5 of total NobelClad revenue for the periods presented. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, one DynaEnergetics customer accounted for approximately and , respectively, of consolidated net sales. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the same DynaEnergetics customer accounted for approximately and , respectively, of consolidated net sales. Additionally, the same DynaEnergetics customer accounted for approximately and of consolidated accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

12. 
 
 and , respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of outstanding forward contracts was . 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

) ) ) 

13. 
 
 Arcadia Products facilities located in Vernon, California. The alleged violations include exceedances of discharge-related requirements and limitations, certain alleged stormwater pollution prevention plan inadequacies, and certain monitoring and reporting violations. The Company has engaged an engineering and consulting firm to assist the Company in investigating the allegations and in responding to the NOI. On April 26, 2024, Waterkeeper filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California under the citizen suit provisions of the Clean Water Act. On October 16, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement with Waterkeeper in the form of a Consent Decree to settle the alleged violations. The Consent Decree requires the Company to undertake certain improvements to its stormwater management infrastructure and practices at all facilities over the next several years. It also requires the Company to reimburse Waterkeeper for in claimed costs and spend on a Supplemental Environmental Project. The Consent Decree is subject to U.S. Department of Justice and Court approval. 
 
 The Company also has been in contact with the Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board (LARWQCB) to address certain alleged violations of stormwater regulatory requirements that may be subject to mandatory minimum penalties under applicable California law. The Company cannot predict how this matter will be resolved, but has accrued in aggregate to address these potential claims. 

14. 
 
 and primarily included in professional service fees and in employee retention compensation, including of stock-based compensation. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, strategic review expenses incurred were and primarily included in professional service fees and in employee retention compensation, including of stock-based compensation. 
 
 On October 21, 2024, the Company announced that the Board is no longer actively marketing the DynaEnergetics and NobelClad segments. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical Consolidated Financial Statements and notes that are included in our Annual Report filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Unless stated otherwise, all dollar figures are presented in thousands (000s). 

Overview 
 
 General 
 
 DMC Global Inc. DMC , "we", "us", "our", or the "Company") owns and operates Arcadia Products, DynaEnergetics and NobelClad, three innovative, asset-light manufacturing businesses that provide differentiated products and engineered solutions to niche segments of the construction, energy, industrial processing and transportation markets. Each of our businesses provides a unique suite of highly engineered products and differentiated solutions, and each has established a leadership position in its respective market. Our businesses seek to capitalize on their product and service differentiation to expand profit margins, increase cash flow and enhance shareholder value. Based in Broomfield, Colorado, DMC trades on Nasdaq under the symbol BOOM. 
 
 Arcadia Products 
 
 On December 23, 2021, DMC completed the acquisition of 60 of the membership interests in Arcadia Products, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company resulting from the conversion of Arcadia, Inc. (collectively, Arcadia Products ). Arcadia Products designs, engineers, fabricates, and finishes aluminum framing systems, windows, curtain walls, storefronts, entrance systems, and interior partitions to the commercial construction market. Additionally, Arcadia Products supplies customized windows and doors to the ultra-high-end residential construction market. 
 
 Cost of products sold for Arcadia Products includes the cost of aluminum, paint, and other raw materials used in manufacturing as well as employee compensation and benefits, manufacturing facility lease expense, depreciation of manufacturing equipment, supplies and other manufacturing overhead expenses. 
 
 DynaEnergetics 
 
 DynaEnergetics designs, manufactures, markets and sells perforating systems and associated hardware for the global oil and gas industry. These products are primarily sold to oilfield service companies in the U.S., Europe, Canada, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. The market for perforating products, which are used during the well completion process, generally corresponds with oil and gas exploration and production activity. Well completion operations are increasingly complex, which in turn has increased the demand for intrinsically-safe, reliable and technically advanced perforating systems. 
 
 Cost of products sold for DynaEnergetics includes the cost of metals, explosives and other raw materials used to manufacture shaped charges, detonating products and perforating guns as well as employee compensation and benefits, depreciation of manufacturing facilities and equipment, supplies and other manufacturing overhead expenses. 
 
 NobelClad 
 
 NobelClad produces explosion-welded clad metal plates for use in the construction of corrosion resistant industrial processing equipment and specialized transition joints for commuter rail cars, ships, and liquified natural gas (LNG) processing equipment. While most demand for our products is driven by maintenance and retrofit projects at existing plants and facilities, new projects for petrochemical processing, oil refining, and aluminum smelting facilities also account for a significant portion of total demand. These industries tend to be cyclical in nature and the timing of new order inflow remains difficult to predict. We use backlog, defined as all unfilled firm purchase orders and commitments at a point in time, to measure the immediate outlook for our NobelClad business. Most firm purchase orders and commitments are realized and shipped within twelve months. NobelClad's backlog was 59,028 at September 30, 2024 compared to 59,357 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cost of products sold for NobelClad includes the cost of metals, explosive powders and other raw materials used to manufacture clad metal plates and transition joints as well as employee compensation and benefits, outside processing costs, depreciation of manufacturing facilities and equipment, manufacturing facility lease expense, supplies and other manufacturing overhead expenses. 
 
 Factors Affecting Results 
 
 Consolidated sales were 152,429 in the third quarter of 2024 versus 172,147 in the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 11 . The decline in sales performance was driven by lower sales at all three business segments. 
 
 Arcadia Products reported sales of 57,818 in the third quarter of 2024, representing a decrease of 19 compared with the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales volumes in longer-cycle ultra-high-end residential markets. Additionally, weak construction activity and internal operational disruptions negatively impacted short-cycle commercial sales. 
 
 DynaEnergetics sales of 69,679 in the third quarter of 2024 decreased 5 compared with the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to a decrease in pricing of DS perforating systems as a result of industry consolidation in the United States. 
 
 NobelClad s sales of 24,932 in the third quarter of 2024 decreased 10 compared with the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to timing of shipments out of backlog. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit was 19.8 in the third quarter of 2024 versus 30.6 in the third quarter of 2023. The decline was primarily attributable to margin declines at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products, as well as lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in consolidated sales. 
 
 Consolidated selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses were 28,205 in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 28,713 in the third quarter of 2023. The year-over-year decrease is primarily attributable to a reduction in variable compensation costs as well as outside services costs. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents of 14,511 at September 30, 2024 decreased 29,148 from cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 43,659 at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to debt repayments made in conjunction with the Company s amended credit agreement. 
 
 The Company s leverage ratio, calculated in accordance with its credit facility, was 1.18 to 1.0 as of September 30, 2024 in comparison to the maximum ratio permitted of 3.0 to 1.0. The Company s adjusted leverage ratio, calculated using net debt as of September 30, 2024, was 0.96 to 1.0. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 Our Arcadia Products business reported third quarter results that were below our expectations, due primarily to weak activity in the high-end luxury home and commercial construction markets, as well as internal operational disruptions that negatively impacted Arcadia Products short-cycle commercial sales. Under the direction of a new lean manufacturing and supply chain expert who is serving as Arcadia Products interim president, we are focused on strengthening sourcing and supply chain functions; instituting stronger sales, inventory and operations planning processes; and more effectively leveraging the functionality and benefits of Arcadia Products enterprise resource planning system. Arcadia Products is also pursuing various organic growth initiatives, including expanding its full product suite (commercial exteriors, commercial interiors, and residential doors and windows) into all of its branch locations throughout the western and southwestern United States. Additionally, the Company is reviewing certain product lines that have not consistently met our profitability targets. 
 
 At DynaEnergetics, total third quarter well completions in the U.S. declined 6 versus the 2024 second quarter, and were down 13 versus last year s third quarter, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. We believe U.S. well completion activity will remain soft during the fourth quarter of 2024 based on year-to-date declines in the number of active drilling rigs, well fracking crews and an anticipated extended frac holiday in the North American market. DynaEnergetics is in the process of implementing lower-cost product designs and various operational excellence initiatives, including automated assembly processes, that collectively are expected to partially offset persistent pricing pressure in North America s well completions sector beginning in 2025. 
 
 NobelClad continues to experience strong demand for its Cylindra cryogenic transition joints for use in the processing of LNG, and recent enhancements to the Cylindra production process have reduced manufacturing lead times. In the second quarter, NobelClad was awarded its largest-ever clad-plate order, and currently is pursuing additional large order opportunities in the energy and petrochemical industries. NobelClad s order backlog was 59,028 as of September 30, 2024, flat versus 59,357 as of December 31, 2023. NobelClad expects to ship most orders in its backlog within twelve months. 
 
 On January 29, 2024, we announced our Board of Directors had initiated a review of strategic alternatives for DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. The process formalized our ongoing efforts to unlock shareholder value. The Board retained financial advisors to assist in evaluating current strategies, operations, and capital structure, and considered sales, mergers, and other strategic combinations. On October 21, 2024, we announced that the Board is no longer actively marketing DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. Given the challenges of the last several months for DMC, including macroeconomic factors such as weakness and volatility in the energy market and soft luxury home and commercial construction activity the Board believes prioritizing stability, simplification and internal improvement will better serve DMC s stockholders than selling these market-leading businesses at the present time. 
 
 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to disclosing financial results that are determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), the Company also discloses certain non-GAAP financial measures that we use in operational and financial decision making. Non-GAAP financial measures include the following: 
 
 EBITDA: defined as net income (loss) plus net interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 Adjusted EBITDA : excludes from EBITDA stock-based compensation, restructuring expenses and asset impairment charges (if applicable) and, when appropriate, nonrecurring items that management does not utilize in assessing DMC s operating performance (as further described in the tables below). 
 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc.: excludes the Adjusted EBITDA attributable to the 40 redeemable noncontrolling interest in Arcadia Products. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for DMC business segments: defined as operating income (loss) plus depreciation, amortization, allocated stock-based compensation (if applicable), restructuring expenses and asset impairment charges (if applicable) and, when appropriate, nonrecurring items that management does not utilize in assessing DMC's operating performance. 
 Adjusted net income (loss): defined as net income (loss) attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders prior to the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest plus restructuring expenses and asset impairment charges (if applicable) and, when appropriate, nonrecurring items that management does not utilize in assessing DMC's operating performance. 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share: defined as diluted earnings per share attributable to DMC Global Inc. stockholders (exclusive of adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest) plus restructuring expenses and asset impairment charges (if applicable) and, when appropriate, nonrecurring items that management does not utilize in assessing DMC s operating performance. 
 Net debt: defined as total debt less total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Free-cash flow: defined as cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities less net acquisitions of property, plant and equipment. 
 
 Management believes providing these additional financial measures is useful to investors in understanding the Company s operating performance, excluding the effects of restructuring, impairment, and other nonrecurring charges, as well as its liquidity. Management typically monitors the business utilizing the above non-GAAP measures, in addition to GAAP results, to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, and certain management incentive awards are based, in part, on these measures. The presence of non-GAAP financial measures in this report is not intended to suggest that such measures be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or as superior to, DMC s GAAP information, and investors are cautioned that the non-GAAP financial measures are limited in their usefulness. Given that not all companies use identical calculations, DMC s presentation of non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 152,429 172,147 (19,718) (11 Gross profit 30,105 52,597 (22,492) (43 Gross profit percentage 19.8 30.6 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 14,349 16,259 (1,910) (12 of net sales 9.4 9.4 Selling and distribution expenses 13,856 12,454 1,402 11 of net sales 9.1 7.2 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 5,278 5,667 (389) (7 of net sales 3.5 3.3 Goodwill impairment 141,725 141,725 100 Strategic review expenses 1,763 1,763 100 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 2,069 515 1,554 302 Operating (loss) income (148,935) 17,702 (166,637) (941 Other (expense) income, net (520) 302 (822) 272 Interest expense, net (2,113) (2,392) 279 (12 (Loss) income before income taxes (151,568) 15,612 (167,180) (1,071 Income tax provision 7,848 4,087 3,761 92 Net (loss) income (159,416) 11,525 (170,941) (1,483 Less: Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (58,093) 2,642 (60,735) (2,299 Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. (101,323) 8,883 (110,206) (1,241 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 5,671 24,607 (18,936) (77 
 
 Net sales were 152,429 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, or a decrease of 11 compared with the same period in 2023, due to lower sales at all three business segments. The decrease at Arcadia Products was primarily due to lower sales volumes in longer-cycle ultra-high-end residential and certain short-cycle commercial markets. DynaEnergetics lower sales were primarily due to a decrease in pricing of DS perforating systems as a result of industry consolidation in the United States. NobelClad s sales decrease was primarily due to timing of shipments out of backlog. 
 
 Gross profit percentage was 19.8 versus 30.6 in the same period in 2023. The decline compared to prior year was primarily attributable to margin declines at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products, as well as lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in consolidated sales. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 1,910 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in prior year primarily due to lower variable compensation costs of 1,415, lower outside services costs related to the ERP implementation at Arcadia Products of 382, and lower business related travel expense of 85. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses increased 1,402 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The higher expense was driven by an increase in bad debt expense of 3,626 at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. This increase was partially offset by lower compensation costs of 1,726, marketing consulting costs of 403, and business related travel expense of 78. 
 
 Amortization of purchased intangible assets decreased 389 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 as the Arcadia Products customer relationship purchased intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated amortization method. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill impairment of 141,725 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relates to full impairment of Arcadia Products goodwill due in part to recent financial performance not in accordance with expectations and downward revisions to the near-term forecast. 
 
 Strategic review expenses of 1,763 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relate primarily to the review of strategic alternatives for DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. In connection with this process, strategic review expenses primarily included 1,045 in professional service fees and 709 in employee retention compensation, including 101 of stock-based compensation. On October 21, 2024, the Company announced that the Board is no longer actively marketing the DynaEnergetics and NobelClad segments. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 2,069 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relate to the abandonment of a planned manufacturing expansion at DynaEnergetics and employee severance associated with headcount reductions at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 
 
 Operating loss of 148,935 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to operating income of 17,702 in the same period in 2023. The current period operating loss was primarily attributable to the goodwill impairment charge as well as decreased financial performance at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 
 
 Other expense, net of 520 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to net unrealized foreign currency exchange losses. Currency gains and losses can arise when subsidiaries enter into inter-company and third-party transactions that are denominated in currencies other than their functional currency, including foreign currency forward contracts used to offset foreign exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated asset and liability positions. 
 
 Income tax provision of 7,848 was recorded on loss before income taxes of 151,568 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Our most significant operations are in the United States, which has a 21 statutory income tax rate, and Germany, which has a 32 combined statutory income tax rate. The mix of income or loss before income taxes between these jurisdictions is one of the primary drivers of the difference between our 21 statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate. The effective rate was also impacted unfavorably by the establishment of a valuation allowance against U.S. deferred tax assets, 3,900 of which was recorded discretely in the third quarter. Additionally, the effective rate was impacted unfavorably by the geographic mix of pretax income, state taxes, and certain compensation expenses that are not tax deductible in the U.S. The operating results of Arcadia Products that are attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder are not taxed at DMC, which resulted in a partially offsetting favorable impact to the effective tax rate. We recorded an income tax provision of 4,087 on income before income taxes of 15,612 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The prior year rate was impacted by the same factors previously discussed. 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was (101,323) , compared to 8,883 for the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (159,416) 11,525 Interest expense, net 2,113 2,392 Income tax provision 7,848 4,087 Depreciation 3,444 3,460 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 5,278 5,667 EBITDA (140,733) 27,131 Stock-based compensation 1,671 1,832 Goodwill impairment 141,725 Strategic review expenses 1,763 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 2,069 515 CEO transition expenses 805 Other expense (income), net 520 (302) Adjusted EBITDA 7,015 29,981 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (1,344) (5,374) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 5,671 24,607 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for the explanation of the use of non-GAAP measures. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures to Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Amount Per Share (1) 
 Net loss attributable to DMC Global Inc. (2) 
 (101,323) (5.14) Goodwill impairment, net of tax 85,035 4.31 Strategic review expenses, net of tax 1,322 0.07 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments, net of tax 1,451 0.07 Establishment of income tax valuation allowance 3,900 0.20 As adjusted (9,615) (0.49) 
 (1) Calculated using diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 19,706,587 
 (2) Net loss attributable to DMC Global Inc. prior to the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Amount Per Share (1) 
 Net income attributable to DMC Global Inc. (2) 
 8,883 0.45 CEO transition expenses and accelerated stock-based compensation, net of tax 620 0.03 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments, net of tax 358 0.02 As adjusted 9,861 0.50 
 (1) Calculated using diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 19,596,575 
 (2) Net income attributable to DMC Global Inc. prior to the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 490,477 545,152 (54,675) (10 Gross profit 118,870 166,698 (47,828) (29 Gross profit percentage 24.2 30.6 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 45,952 60,285 (14,333) (24 of net sales 9.4 11.1 Selling and distribution expenses 37,578 36,978 600 2 of net sales 7.7 6.8 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15,877 17,001 (1,124) (7 of net sales 3.2 3.1 Goodwill impairment 141,725 141,725 100 Strategic review expenses 5,952 5,952 100 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 2,348 515 1,833 356 Operating (loss) income (130,562) 51,919 (182,481) (351 Other expense, net (1,213) (337) (876) 260 Interest expense, net (6,746) (7,205) 459 (6 (Loss) income before income taxes (138,521) 44,377 (182,898) (412 Income tax provision 12,283 13,187 (904) (7 Net (loss) income (150,804) 31,190 (181,994) (584 Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (56,056) 7,695 (63,751) (828 Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. (94,748) 23,495 (118,243) (503 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 41,774 76,474 (34,700) (45 
 
 Net sales were 490,477 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 10 compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower Arcadia Products sales volumes in longer-cycle ultra-high-end residential and certain short-cycle commercial markets, and a decrease in pricing of DynaEnergetics DS perforating systems as a result of industry consolidation in the United States. 
 
 Gross profit percentage was 24.2 versus 30.6 in 2023. The decline compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to lower customer pricing at DynaEnergetics as well as lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in net sales . 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 14,333 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. 2023 included nonrecurring CEO transition expenses and related accelerated stock-based compensation of 7,383, and patent infringement litigation costs at DynaEnergetics of 3,610. The remaining year-over-year decrease was primarily attributable to lower variable compensation costs of 1,477, internal leadership and sales meeting expense of 1,176 and outside service costs, primarily related to Arcadia Products and NobelClad ERP implementations, of 710. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses increased 600 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The higher expense was driven by an increase in bad debt expense of 4,838 at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. This increase was partially offset by lower marketing consulting costs of 1,166, compensation costs of 2,578, and business related travel of 185. 
 
 Amortization of purchased intangible assets decreased 1,124 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 as the Arcadia Products customer relationship purchased intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated amortization method. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill impairment of 141,725 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to full impairment of Arcadia Products goodwill due in part to recent financial performance not in accordance with expectations and downward revisions to the near-term forecast. 
 
 Strategic review expenses of 5,952 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relate primarily to the review of strategic alternatives for DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. In connection with this process, strategic review expenses primarily included 3,189 in professional service fees and 2,060 in employee retention compensation, including 279 of stock-based compensation. On October 21, 2024, the Company announced that the Board is no longer actively marketing the DynaEnergetics and NobelClad segments. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 2,348 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relate to the abandonment of a planned manufacturing expansion at DynaEnergetics and employee severance associated with headcount reductions at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 
 
 Operating loss of 130,562 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to operating income of 51,919 in the same period last year. The current period operating loss is primarily attributable to the goodwill impairment charge as well as decreased financial performance at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 
 
 Other expense, net of 1,213 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to net realized foreign currency exchange losses. Currency gains and losses can arise when subsidiaries enter into inter-company and third-party transactions that are denominated in currencies other than their functional currency, including foreign currency forward contracts used to offset foreign exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated asset and liability positions. 
 
 Income tax provision of 12,283 was recorded on loss before income taxes of 138,521 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our most significant operations are in the United States, which has a 21 statutory income tax rate, and Germany, which has a 32 combined statutory income tax rate. The mix of income or loss before income taxes between these jurisdictions is one of the primary drivers of the difference between our 21 statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate. The effective rate was also impacted unfavorably by the establishment of a valuation allowance against U.S. deferred tax assets, 3,900 of which was recorded discretely in the third quarter. Additionally, the effective rate was impacted unfavorably by the geographic mix of pretax income, state taxes, and certain compensation expenses that are not tax deductible in the U.S. The operating results of Arcadia Products that are attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder are not taxed at DMC, which resulted in a partially offsetting favorable impact to the effective tax rate. We recorded an income tax provision of 13,187 on income before income taxes of 44,377 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The prior year rate was impacted by the same factors previously discussed. 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to DMC Global Inc. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (94,748) , compared to 23,495 for the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (150,804) 31,190 Interest expense, net 6,746 7,205 Income tax provision 12,283 13,187 Depreciation 10,294 10,294 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15,877 17,001 EBITDA (105,604) 78,877 Stock-based compensation 4,824 8,558 Goodwill impairment 141,725 Strategic review expenses 5,952 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 2,348 515 CEO transition expenses 4,343 Other expense, net 1,213 337 Adjusted EBITDA 50,458 92,630 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (8,684) (16,156) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 41,774 76,474 
 
 Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings per Share decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to the factors discussed above. See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for the explanation of the use of non-GAAP measures. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures to Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Amount Per Share (1) 
 Net loss attributable to DMC Global Inc. (2) 
 (94,748) (4.82) Goodwill impairment, net of tax 85,035 4.33 Strategic review expenses, net of tax 4,464 0.22 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments, net of tax 1,576 0.08 Establishment of income tax valuation allowance 3,900 0.20 As adjusted 227 0.01 
 (1) Calculated using diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 19,648,253 
 (2) Net loss attributable to DMC Global Inc. prior to the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Amount Per Share (1) 
 Net income attributable to DMC Global Inc. (2) 
 23,495 1.20 CEO transition expenses and accelerated stock-based compensation, net of tax 6,284 0.32 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments, net of tax 358 0.02 As adjusted 30,137 1.54 
 (1) Calculated using diluted weighted average shares outstanding of 19,540,978 
 (2) Net income attributable to DMC Global Inc. prior to the adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Business Segment Financial Information 
 
 We primarily evaluate performance and allocate resources based on segment revenues, operating income and Adjusted EBITDA as well as projected future performance. Segment operating income is defined as revenues less expenses identifiable to the segment. DMC consolidated operating income and Adjusted EBITDA include unallocated corporate expenses and unallocated stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation is not allocated to wholly owned segments, DynaEnergetics and NobelClad. Stock-based compensation is allocated to the Arcadia Products segment as 60 of such expense is attributable to the Company, whereas the remaining 40 is attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. Segment operating income will reconcile to consolidated income before income taxes by deducting unallocated corporate expenses, unallocated stock-based compensation, other (expense) income, net, and interest expense, net. 

Arcadia Products 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 57,818 71,455 (13,637) (19 Gross profit 13,562 23,789 (10,227) (43 Gross profit percentage 23.5 33.3 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 7,223 7,413 (190) (3 Selling and distribution expenses 4,210 4,248 (38) (1 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 5,278 5,652 (374) (7 Goodwill impairment 141,725 141,725 100 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 248 248 100 Operating (loss) income (145,122) 6,476 (151,598) (2,341 Adjusted EBITDA 3,358 13,434 (10,076) (75 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (1,344) (5,374) (4,030) (75 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 2,014 8,060 (6,046) (75 
 
 Net sales decreased 13,637 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower sales volumes in longer-cycle ultra-high-end residential markets. Additionally, weak construction activity and internal operational disruptions negatively impacted short-cycle commercial sales. 
 
 Gross profit percentage decreased to 23.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in net sales as mentioned above. 
 
 Amortization of purchased intangible assets decreased 374 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 as the customer relationship purchased intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated amortization method. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 248 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relate to employee severance associated with headcount reductions. 
 
 Goodwill impairment of 141,725 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relates to full impairment of Arcadia Products goodwill due in part to recent financial performance not in accordance with expectations and downward revisions to the near-term forecast. 
 
 Operating loss of 145,122 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to operating income of 6,476 in the same period in 2023 due to the goodwill impairment charge and decline in gross profit. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating (loss) income (145,122) 6,476 Adjustments: Depreciation 914 969 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 5,278 5,652 Stock-based compensation 315 337 Goodwill impairment 141,725 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 248 Adjusted EBITDA 3,358 13,434 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (1,344) (5,374) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 2,014 8,060 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 189,491 230,951 (41,460) (18 Gross profit 53,532 73,342 (19,810) (27 Gross profit percentage 28.3 31.8 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 22,644 23,476 (832) (4 Selling and distribution expenses 12,794 13,721 (927) (7 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15,833 16,956 (1,123) (7 Goodwill impairment 141,725 141,725 100 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 527 527 100 Operating (loss) income (139,991) 19,189 (159,180) (830 Adjusted EBITDA 21,709 40,390 (18,681) (46 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (8,684) (16,156) (7,472) (46 Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 13,025 24,234 (11,209) (46 
 
 Net sales decreased 41,460 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower sales volumes in longer-cycle ultra-high-end residential markets. Additionally, weak construction activity and internal operational disruptions negatively impacted short-cycle commercial sales for portions of 2024. 
 
 Gross profit percentage decreased to 28.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the de crease in net sales as mentioned above. 
 
 General and administrative expenses were lower by 832 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to decreases in outside services costs primarily attributable to the implementation of a new ERP system. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses decreased 927 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to lower compensation costs of 919. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets decreased 1,123 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 as the customer relationship purchased intangible asset is amortized using an accelerated amortization method. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 527 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relate to employee severance associated with headcount reductions. 
 
 Operating loss of 139,991 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to operating income of 19,189 in the same period in 2023 due to the goodwill impairment charge and decline in gross profit. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating (loss) income (139,991) 19,189 Adjustments: Depreciation 2,677 2,675 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15,833 16,956 Stock-based compensation 938 1,239 Goodwill impairment 141,725 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 527 CEO transition expenses 331 Adjusted EBITDA 21,709 40,390 Less: adjusted EBITDA attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest (8,684) (16,156) Adjusted EBITDA attributable to DMC Global Inc. 13,025 24,234 

DynaEnergetics 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with three months ended September 30, 2023 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 69,679 72,998 (3,319) (5 Gross profit 8,347 19,585 (11,238) (57 Gross profit percentage 12.0 26.8 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 2,299 3,095 (796) (26 Selling and distribution expenses 7,276 5,604 1,672 30 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15 (15) (100 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 1,821 1,821 100 Operating (loss) income (3,049) 10,871 (13,920) (128 Adjusted EBITDA 414 12,568 (12,154) (97 
 
 Net sales decreased 3,319 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in pricing of DS perforating systems as a result of industry consolidation in the United States. 
 
 Gross profit percentage decreased to 12.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to lower customer pricing, an inventory charge of 1,500, and lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in net sales. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

General and administrative expenses were lower by 796 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 driven by a decrease in compensation costs of 354 and patent infringement litigation costs of 171. The remaining decrease is primarily attributable to a reduction in other outside services of 210. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses were higher by 1,672 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense of 3,237, partially offset by a decrease in compensation costs of 1,020, marketing consulting costs of 403 and business related travel expense of 112. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 1,821 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 relate to an asset impairment charge of 1,044 associated with the abandonment of a planned manufacturing expansion and employee severance of 777 due to headcount reductions. 
 
 Operating loss of 3,049 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to operating income of 10,871 in the same period in 2023 due primarily to the decline in gross profit and increase in bad debt expense. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above, including the inventory charge of 1,500 and increase in bad debt expense of 3,237. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating (loss) income (3,049) 10,871 Adjustments: Depreciation 1,642 1,682 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 15 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 1,821 Adjusted EBITDA 414 12,568 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 224,011 239,720 (15,709) (7 Gross profit 40,451 70,574 (30,123) (43 Gross profit percentage 18.1 29.4 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 8,201 12,869 (4,668) (36 Selling and distribution expenses 17,540 15,888 1,652 10 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 44 45 (1) (2 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 1,821 1,821 100 Operating income 12,845 41,772 (28,927) (69 Adjusted EBITDA 19,705 46,984 (27,279) (58 
 
 Net sales decreased 15,709 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in pricing of DS perforating systems as a result of industry consolidation in the United States. 
 
 Gross profit percentage decreased to 18.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 29.4 in the same period in 2023 due to lower customer pricing as well as lower absorption of fixed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the decrease in net sales. 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 4,668 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower patent infringement litigation costs of 3,372 and compensation costs of 1,131. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Selling and distribution expenses were higher by 1,652 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense of 4,266, partially offset by a decrease in compensation costs of 1,451 and marketing consulting costs of 1,166. 
 
 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments of 1,821 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to an asset impairment charge of 1,044 associated with the abandonment of a planned manufacturing expansion and employee severance of 777 due to headcount reductions. 
 
 Operating income decreased 28,927 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to the decline in gross profit and increase in bad debt expense. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating income 12,845 41,772 Adjustments: Depreciation 4,995 5,167 Amortization of purchased intangible assets 44 45 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 1,821 Adjusted EBITDA 19,705 46,984 

NobelClad 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with three months ended September 30, 2023 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 24,932 27,694 (2,762) (10 Gross profit 8,269 9,309 (1,040) (11 Gross profit percentage 33.2 33.6 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 1,110 1,106 4 Selling and distribution expenses 2,190 2,531 (341) (13 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 440 (440) (100 Operating income 4,969 5,232 (263) (5 Adjusted EBITDA 5,776 6,384 (608) (10 
 
 Net sales decreased 2,762 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to the timing of shipments out of backlog. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses were lower by 341 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 du e primarily to decreases in compensation costs of 261 and bad debt recoveries of 41. 
 
 Operating income decreased 263 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to the decline in gross profit. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating income 4,969 5,232 Adjustments: Depreciation 807 712 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 440 Adjusted EBITDA 5,776 6,384 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with nine months ended September 30, 2023 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 change change Net sales 76,975 74,481 2,494 3 Gross profit 25,135 23,113 2,022 9 Gross profit percentage 32.7 31.0 COSTS AND EXPENSES: General and administrative expenses 3,207 2,978 229 8 Selling and distribution expenses 6,927 7,135 (208) (3 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 440 (440) (100 Operating income 15,001 12,560 2,441 19 Adjusted EBITDA 17,378 15,152 2,226 15 
 
 Net sales increased 2,494 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to higher activity in core energy and petrochemical end markets, including increased Cylindra cryogenic transition joints and pressure vessel plate shipments. 
 
 Gross profit percentage increased to 32.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a more favorable project and regional mix, as well as the impact of higher sales on fixed manufacturing overhead expenses. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 229 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher compensation costs of 118 and outside services costs of 116. 
 
 Selling and distribution expenses decreased 208 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower compensation costs of 230 and bad debt recoveries of 41, partially offset by an increase in outside services costs of 70. 
 
 Operating income increased 2,441 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due primarily to higher gross profit. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to the factors discussed above. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the explanation of the use of Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating income 15,001 12,560 Adjustments: Depreciation 2,377 2,152 Restructuring expenses and asset impairments 440 Adjusted EBITDA 17,378 15,152 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We have historically financed our operations from a combination of internally generated cash flow, revolving credit borrowings, and various long-term debt arrangements. Our net debt position was 59,704 at September 30, 2024 compared to 72,192 at December 31, 2023. The decrease in net debt during 2024 was due primarily to a reduction in outstanding debt attributable to repayments made on the revolving loan subsequent to the credit agreement amendment executed in February 2024, along with required principal payments on the term loan. 
 
 We believe that cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow from operations, funds available under our current credit facilities and any future replacement thereof will be sufficient to fund the working capital, required minimum debt service payments, and other capital expenditure requirements of our current business operations for the foreseeable future. We may also execute capital markets transactions, including at-the-market offering programs, to raise additional funds if we believe market conditions are favorable, but there can be no assurance that any future capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Nevertheless, our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations will depend upon our success in executing our strategies. If we are unable to (i) realize sales from our backlog; (ii) secure new customer orders; (iii) continue selling products at profitable margins; and (iv) continue to implement cost-effective internal processes, our ability to meet cash requirements through operating activities could be impacted. Furthermore, any restriction on the availability of borrowings under our credit facilities could negatively affect our ability to meet future cash requirements. We will continue to monitor financial market conditions, including the related impact on credit availability and capital markets. 
 
 Debt facilities 
 
 On February 6, 2024 , the Company and certain domestic subsidiaries entered into an amendment (the First Amendment to its existing credit agreement with a syndicate of banks, led by KeyBank National Association (the credit facility ). The First Amendment provides for certain changes to the credit facility, including an increase in the maximum commitment amount from 200,000 to 300,000. The credit facility allows for revolving loans of up to 200,000 , a 50,000 term loan facility, and a 50,000 delayed draw term loan facility that can be accessed by the Company at its discretion until February 6, 2026. The 50,000 term loan facility is amortizable at 625 per quarter beginning on June 30, 2024 through March 31, 2026. Quarterly term loan amortization increases to 938 on June 30, 2026 through March 31, 2028, and increases to 1,250 from June 30, 2028 through December 31, 2028. A balloon payment for the outstanding term loan balance is due upon the credit facility maturity date of February 6, 2029. The credit facility retains a 100,000 accordion feature to increase the commitments under the revolving loan and/or by adding one or more term loans subject to approval by the applicable lenders. The credit facility is secured by certain assets of DMC including accounts receivable, inventory, and fixed assets, including Arcadia Products and its subsidiary, as well as guarantees and share pledges by DMC and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Borrowings under the 200,000 revolving loan limit and 50,000 Term Loan can be in the form of Adjusted Daily Simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") loans or one month Adjusted Term SOFR loans. Additionally, U.S. dollar borrowings on the revolving loan can be in the form of Base Rate loans (Base Rate borrowings are based on the greater of the administrative agent s Prime rate, an adjusted Federal Funds rate or an adjusted SOFR rate). SOFR loans bear interest at the applicable SOFR rate plus an applicable margin (varying from 2.25 to 3.25 ). Base Rate loans bear interest at the defined Base Rate plus an applicable margin (varying from 1.25 to 2.25 ). 
 
 The credit facility includes various covenants and restrictions, certain of which relate to the payment of dividends or other distributions to stockholders; redemption of capital stock; incurring additional indebtedness; mortgaging, pledging or disposition of major assets; and maintenance of specified ratios. 
 
 The leverage ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (as defined in the credit facility) on the last day of any trailing four quarter period to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit facility) for such period. The maximum leverage ratio permitted by our credit facility is 3.0 to 1.0. The actual leverage ratio as of September 30, 2024, calculated in accordance with the amended credit facility, was 1.18 to 1.0. 
 
 The debt service coverage ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA less the sum of capital distributions paid in cash (other than those made with respect to preferred stock issued under the Operating Agreement), Consolidated Unfunded Capital Expenditures (as defined in the credit facility), and net cash income taxes divided by the sum of cash interest expense, any dividends on the preferred stock paid in cash, and scheduled principal payments on funded indebtedness. Under our credit facility, the minimum debt service coverage ratio permitted is 1.25 to 1.0. The actual debt service coverage ratio for the trailing twelve months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.91 to 1.0. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We also maintain a line of credit with a German bank for certain European operations. This line of credit provides a borrowing capacity of 7,000 on which no amounts were outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 
 The Operating Agreement for Arcadia Products contains a right for the Company to purchase the remaining interest in Arcadia Products from the minority interest holder on or after December 23, 2024 Call Option ). Similarly, the minority interest holder of Arcadia Products has the right to sell its remaining interest in Arcadia Products to the Company on or after December 23, 2024 Put Option ). Both the Call Option and Put Option enable the respective holder to exercise their rights based upon a predefined calculation as included within the Operating Agreement, subject to a floor value also as defined within the Operating Agreement which is based primarily upon a contractually stated equity value. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the settlement amount of the redeemable noncontrolling inte rest is 187,080 and is equal to the floor value as defined within the Operating Agreement. Upon settlement, consideration paid will be net of the 24,902 promissory note outstanding due from the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder. Refer to Note 2 within Item 1 for further information related to the valuation of the redeemable noncontrolling interest and promissory note outstanding. 
 
 Other contractual obligations and commitments 
 
 Our debt balance, net of deferred debt issuance costs, decreased to 74,215 at September 30, 2024 from 115,851 at December 31, 2023 for the reasons discussed above. Our other contractual obligations and commitments have not materially changed since December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 34,785 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to 42,748 in the same period last year driven primarily by lower net income attributable to a decline in financial performance at DynaEnergetics and Arcadia Products. 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 1,525 was attributable to proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities of 12,619, partially offset by the acquisition of property, plant and equipment of 11,600. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 14,971 related to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and investments in marketable securities. 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 53,424 included net credit facility repayments of 41,500. Additional cash flows used in financing activities included distributions to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder of 8,321, payment of debt issuance costs of 2,735 and treasury stock purchases of 1,000. 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 26,211 primarily included quarterly principal payments and a prepayment on our term loan of 13,750, distributions to the redeemable noncontrolling interest holder of 10,345, and treasury stock purchases of 2,328. 
 
 Payment of Dividends 
 
 Any determination to pay cash dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors. On April 23, 2020, DMC announced that its Board of Directors suspended the quarterly dividend indefinitely. Future dividends may be affected by, among other items, our views on potential future capital requirements, future business prospects, debt covenant compliance considerations, changes in income tax laws, and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires that management make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for revenues, expenses, asset, liabilities, and other related disclosures. Our critical accounting estimates have not changed from those reported in Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as provided below. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination. Goodwill acquired in a business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value might not be fully recoverable. For goodwill, impairment is assessed at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or a component of an operating segment to the extent discrete financial information is available that is reviewed by segment management. The Company's reporting units are each of the three operating segments disclosed in Note 11 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 To test goodwill for impairment, we first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. For the qualitative assessment, we consider macroeconomic and market conditions, cost factors, financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value during the qualitative assessment, then we quantitatively estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare the estimated fair value to its carrying value. Based on the results of the quantitative assessment, if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of its quarterly financial statements during the third quarter of 2024, the Company assessed changes in circumstances that occurred during the quarter to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of its Arcadia Products reporting unit was below its carrying amount. While there was no single determinative event or factor, potential triggering events during the third quarter of 2024, including recent financial performance not in accordance with expectations and downward revisions to the near-term forecast, led the Company to conclude that when considering the events and factors in totality, it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Arcadia Products reporting unit was below its carrying value at September 30, 2024. As such, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was performed. The Company utilized the market approach to estimate the fair value of the Arcadia Products reporting unit, but also considered the income approach to validate the results. The market approach includes observable inputs of fair value, including but not limited to non-binding offers received from third-parties and comparative market multiples. The income approach estimates the fair value by discounting the reporting unit s estimated future cash flows using an estimated discount rate, or expected return, that a marketplace participant would have required as of the valuation date. 
 
 Based on the results of our quantitative goodwill impairment test, we recorded a 141,725 impairment charge to goodwill during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 There were no material changes in market risk for changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates from the information provided in Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of the end of the period covered by this report, and they have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Please see Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no significant changes in the risk factors identified as being attendant to our business in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except as provided below. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders or others. 
 
 We may be subject to actions or proposals from stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations, and divert the attention of our Board, management, and employees from the pursuit of our business strategies. Such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan. Activist stockholders or others may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and potential customers, and may affect our relationships with current customers, vendors, investors, and other third parties. In addition, a proxy contest for the election of directors at our annual meeting would require us to incur significant legal fees and proxy solicitation expenses and require significant time and attention by management and our Board. Our stock price could also be subject to significant fluctuations or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any stockholder activism. 
 
 Our stockholder protection rights agreement includes terms and conditions that could discourage a takeover or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable. 
 
 On June 5, 2024, the Company entered into the Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Board declared a dividend of one Right for each share of our common stock outstanding at the close of business on June 17, 2024. One Right will also be issued together with each share of common stock issued by the Company after that date, but before the Separation Time (as defined in the Rights Agreement). Each Right initially represents the right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Participating Preferred Stock for 75.00, subject to adjustment and upon such terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Rights Agreement. Rights will generally become exercisable only if any person (or any persons acting as a group) acquires Beneficial Ownership (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of 10 , or 20 in the case of certain passive investors, or more of our outstanding common stock. If Rights become exercisable, all holders of Rights (other than the person, entity or group triggering the Rights Agreement, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) will have the right to purchase from the Company for 75.00, subject to certain potential adjustments, shares of our common stock having a market value of twice that amount. The Rights Agreement expires on June 4, 2025, unless earlier terminated or the Rights are redeemed or exchanged by the Board. Additional information regarding the Rights Agreement is contained in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2024. 
 
 The Rights Agreement will cause substantial dilution to any person or group that acquires Beneficial Ownership (as defined in the Rights Agreement) of 10 , or 20 in the case of certain passive investors, or more of the Company s outstanding common stock. As a result, the overall effect of the Rights Agreement and the issuance of the Rights may be to discourage any person, entity or group from gaining a control or control-like position in the Company or engaging in other tactics, potentially disadvantaging the interests of the Company s stockholders, without negotiating with the Board and without paying an appropriate control premium to all stockholders. The Rights Agreement is similar to plans adopted by other public companies, and it is intended to protect stockholders interests, including by providing the Board sufficient time to make informed judgments and take actions that are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Nevertheless, the Rights Agreement may be considered to have certain anti-takeover effects, including potentially discouraging a third party from attempting to obtain a substantial position in our common stock or seeking to obtain control of the Company and discouraging a takeover attempt that stockholders may consider favorable or that could result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the Rights Agreement may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if it is viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 In connection with the vesting of Company restricted common stock under our equity incentive plans or distributions of shares of common stock pursuant to our Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan deferred compensation plan during the third quarter of 2024, we retained shares of common stock in satisfaction of withholding tax obligations. We also retained shares of common stock as the result of participants diversification of equity awards held in the deferred compensation plan into other investment options. These shares are held as treasury shares by the Company. 
 Total number of shares purchased (1) (2) 
 Average price paid per share 
 July 1 to July 31, 2024 2,607 14.08 August 1 to August 31, 2024 659 12.05 September 1 to September 30, 2024 129 12.72 Total 3,395 13.63 
 
 (1) Share purchases during the period were to offset tax withholding obligations that occurred upon (i) vesting of restricted common stock under the terms of the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and (ii) distributions of shares of common stock pursuant to deferred compensation obligations. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased would not exceed the employees portion of taxes to be withheld on unvested shares (706,484) and potential purchases upon participant elections to diversify equity awards held in the deferred compensation plan (80,901) into other investment options available to participants in the Plan. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Our Coolspring property is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (The Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we had no such specified health and safety violations, orders or citations, related assessments or legal actions, mining-related fatalities, or similar events in relation to our United States operations requiring disclosure pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of the Company or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 3.1 Certificate of Correction of Certificate of Amendment of DMC Global Inc. filed on August 14, 2024, incorporated by reference to the exhibit of the same number in the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2024 
 
 31.1 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 The following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DMC Global Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DMC Global Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Eric V. Walter Eric V. Walter, Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Brett Seger Brett Seger, Chief Accounting Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 boom-exx311_q3x09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael Kuta, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DMC Global Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 4, 2024 
 
 s Michael Kuta Michael Kuta President and Chief Executive Officer of DMC Global Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 boom-exx312_q3x09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Eric V. Walter, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DMC Global Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 4, 2024 
 
 s Eric V. Walter Eric V. Walter Chief Financial Officer of DMC Global Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 boom-exx321_q3x09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DMC Global Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Kuta, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 4, 2024 

s Michael Kuta Michael Kuta President and Chief Executive Officer of DMC Global Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to DMC Global Inc. and will be retained by DMC Global Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 boom-exx322_q3x09302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DMC Global Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric V. Walter, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November 4, 2024 

s Eric V. Walter Eric V. Walter Chief Financial Officer of DMC Global Inc. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to DMC Global Inc. and will be retained by DMC Global Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 boom-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 boom-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 boom-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 boom-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 boom-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

