<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241210_10-Q_edgar_data_821002_0001558370-24-016123.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7383781</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106336</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1111325</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2424965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1374578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2172370</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-016123.hdr.sgml : 20241210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241210165002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-016123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			G III APPAREL GROUP LTD /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000821002
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				411590959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18183
		FILM NUMBER:		241539149

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		512 SEVENTH AVE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126298830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		512 SEVENTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANTE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-016123.txt : 20241210

10-Q
 1
 giii-20241031x10q.htm
 10-Q

G III APPAREL GROUP LTD /DE/_October 31, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

 G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , 0.01 par value per share Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of December 5, 2024, there were shares of issuer s common stock, par value 0.1 per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets October 31, 2024 (Unaudited), October 31, 2023 (Unaudited) and January 31, 2024 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income For the Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 30 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 30 Part II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors 32 Item 5. Other Information 32 Item 6. Exhibits 33 7 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, October 31, January 31, 2024 2023 2024 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share amounts) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of , and , respectively Inventories Prepaid income taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Other assets, net Other intangibles, net Deferred income tax assets, net Trademarks Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Current portion of notes payable Accounts payable Accrued expenses Customer refund liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Income tax payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Notes payable, net of discount and unamortized issuance costs Deferred income tax liabilities, net Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock; shares authorized; shares issued Common stock - par value; shares authorized; , and shares issued, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Common stock held in treasury, at cost - , and shares, respectively ) ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and stockholders' equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements . 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share amounts) Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Asset impairments Operating profit Other income (loss) ) ) ) Interest and financing charges, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD.: Basic: Net income per common share Weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted: Net income per common share Weighted average number of shares outstanding Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated Common Additional Other Stock Common Paid-In Comprehensive Retained Held In Stock Capital Loss Earnings Treasury Total (Unaudited) (In thousands) Balance as of July 31, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income, net Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) Balance as of July 31, 2023 ) ) Equity awards vested, net ) Share-based compensation expense Taxes paid for net share settlements ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. Balance as of October 31, 2023 ) ) Balance as of January 31, 2024 ) ) Equity awards vested, net ) Share-based compensation expense Taxes paid for net share settlements ) ) Other comprehensive income, net Repurchases of common stock ) ) Excise tax on stock repurchases ) ) Reduction of noncontrolling interest ) ) Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 ) ) Equity awards vested, net ) Share-based compensation expense Taxes paid for net share settlements ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. Balance as of October 31, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 (Unaudited, in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities Net income attributable to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on disposal of fixed assets Non-cash operating lease costs Asset impairment Extinguishment of deferred financing costs Equity gain in unconsolidated affiliates Change in fair value of equity securities ) Share-based compensation Deferred financing charges and debt discount amortization Deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories ) Income taxes, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets, net ) ) Customer refund liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities Operating lease assets initial direct costs ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Investment in equity interest of private company ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of borrowings - revolving facility ) ) Proceeds from borrowings - revolving facility Repayment of borrowings - LVMH Note ) Repayment of borrowings - foreign facilities ) ) Proceeds from borrowings - foreign facilities Repayment of borrowings - senior secured notes ) Payment of financing costs ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Taxes paid for net share settlements ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash payments: Interest, net Income tax payments, net Excise tax liability related to stock repurchases The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements . 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS owned by the Company through April 16, 2024 and was treated as a consolidated majority-owned subsidiary. Effective April 17, 2024, the Company acquired the remaining interest in Fabco that it did not previously own and, as a result, Fabco began being treated as a wholly-owned subsidiary. AWWG Investments B.V. AWWG is a Dutch corporation that was owned by the Company from May 3, 2024 through July 18, 2024 and was accounted for using the cost method. Effective July 19, 2024, the Company acquired an additional minority interest in AWWG, increasing its total ownership interest to and, as a result, AWWG began being accounted for under the equity method of accounting. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Karl Lagerfeld Holding B.V. KLH ), a Dutch limited liability company that is wholly-owned by the Company, Vilebrequin International SA Vilebrequin ), a Swiss corporation that is wholly-owned by the Company, Sonia Rykiel, a Swiss corporation that is wholly-owned by the Company, Fabco and AWWG report results on a calendar year basis rather than on the January 31 fiscal year basis used by the Company. Accordingly, the results of KLH, Vilebrequin, Sonia Rykiel, Fabco and AWWG are included in the financial statements for the quarter ended or ending closest to the Company s fiscal quarter end. For example, with respect to the Company s results for the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024, the results of KLH, Vilebrequin, Sonia Rykiel, Fabco and AWWG are included for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. The Company s retail operations segment reports on a 52/53 week fiscal year. For fiscal 2025 and 2024, the three and nine-month periods for the retail operations segment were each 13-week and 39-week periods, respectively, and ended on November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. The results for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the entire fiscal year, given the seasonal nature of the Company s business. The accompanying financial statements included herein are unaudited. All adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim period presented have been reflected. The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign operations, where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar (reporting currency), are translated from the foreign currency into U.S. dollars at period-end rates, while income and expenses are translated at the weighted-average exchange rates for the period. The related translation adjustments are reflected as a foreign currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders equity. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 portfolio segments: wholesale and retail trade receivables. Wholesale trade receivables result from credit the Company has extended to its wholesale customers based on pre-defined criteria and are generally due within 60 days. Retail trade receivables primarily relate to amounts due from third-party credit card processors for the settlement of debit and credit card transactions and are typically collected within 3 to 5 days. Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net October 31, 2023 Wholesale Retail Total (In thousands) Accounts receivable, gross Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net January 31, 2024 Wholesale Retail Total (In thousands) Accounts receivable, gross Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net The allowance for doubtful accounts for wholesale trade receivables is estimated based on several factors. In circumstances where the Company is aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations (such as in the case of bankruptcy filings (including potential bankruptcy filings), extensive delay in payment or substantial downgrading by credit rating agencies), a specific reserve for bad debt is recorded against amounts due from that customer to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount reasonably expected to be collected. For all other wholesale customers, an allowance for doubtful accounts is determined through analysis of the aging of accounts receivable at the end of the reporting period for financial statements, assessments of collectability based on historical trends and an evaluation of the impact of economic conditions. The Company considers both current and forecasted future economic conditions in determining the adequacy of its allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts for retail trade receivables is estimated at the credit card chargeback rate applied to the previous 90 days of credit card sales. In addition, the Company considers both current and forecasted future economic conditions in determining the adequacy of its allowance for doubtful accounts. 

 8 

Table of Contents) ) ) Provision for credit losses, net ) Accounts written off as uncollectible Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) ) ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 ) ) ) Provision for credit losses, net ) ) ) Accounts written off as uncollectible Balance as of October 31, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of January 31, 2023 ) ) ) Provision for credit losses, net ) Accounts written off as uncollectible Balance as of January 31, 2024 ) ) ) million, million and million as of October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The inventory return asset is recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Inventory held on consignment by the Company s customers totaled million, million and million at October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The Company reflects this inventory on its condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Revolving credit facility 2 Note issued to LVMH 3 Unsecured loans 2 Overdraft facilities 2 Foreign credit facility 2 The Company s debt instruments are recorded at their carrying values in its condensed consolidated balance sheets, which may differ from their respective fair values. The carrying amount of the Company s variable rate debt approximates the fair value, as interest rates change with market rates. Furthermore, the carrying value of all other financial instruments potentially subject to valuation risk (principally consisting of cash, accounts receivable and accounts payable) also approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these accounts. The fair value of the Company s secured notes was based on their market price at each fiscal quarter end. The Company redeemed the entire million principal amount of its Senior Secured Notes due August 2025 (the Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest in August 2024. The note in the original principal amount of million (the LVMH Note issued to LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton Inc. LVMH in connection with the acquisition of DKNY and Donna Karan was recorded on the balance sheet at a discount of million in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ). For purposes of this fair value disclosure, the Company based its fair value estimate for the LVMH Note on the initial fair value as determined at the date of the acquisition of DKNY and Donna Karan and recorded amortization using the effective interest method over the term of the LVMH Note. The Company repaid million of the principal amount of the LVMH Note on June 1, 2023 and the remaining million of such principal amount on December 1, 2023. The fair value of the LVMH Note was considered a Level 3 valuation in the fair value hierarchy. Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities The Company s non-financial assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include long-lived assets, which consist primarily of property and equipment and operating lease assets. The Company reviews these assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be fully recoverable. For assets that are not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the asset or asset group and its estimated fair value. For operating lease assets, the Company determines the fair value of the assets by discounting the estimated market rental rates over the remaining term of the lease. These fair value measurements are considered level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy. During fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a million impairment charge primarily related to leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, computer hardware and operating lease assets at certain DKNY, Karl Lagerfeld and Vilebrequin stores as a result of the performance of these stores. . Some leases include one or more options to , with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to . Several of the Company s retail store leases include an option to terminate the lease based on failure to achieve a specified sales volume. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of the Company s lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of retail sales over contractual levels and others include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company s leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Liabilities Current operating Current operating lease liabilities Noncurrent operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities The Company s operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities increased during fiscal 2025 primarily due to the renewal of the Company s corporate office lease. The Company recorded lease costs of million and million during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024. The Company recorded lease costs of million and million during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. Lease costs are recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The Company recorded variable lease costs and short-term lease costs of million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024. The Company recorded variable lease costs and short-term lease costs of million and million for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. Short-term lease costs are immaterial. 2026 2027 2028 2029 After 2029 Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities As of October 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term related to operating leases is years. The weighted average discount rate related to operating leases is . Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million and million during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations were million and million during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024. Approximately and shares of common stock have been excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. All share-based payments outstanding that vest based on the achievement of performance conditions, and for which the respective performance conditions have not been achieved, have been excluded from the diluted per share calculation. Basic net income per share: Basic common shares Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Basic common shares Dilutive restricted stock unit awards and stock options Diluted common shares Diluted net income per share Revolving credit facility LVMH Note Unsecured loans Overdraft facilities Foreign credit facility Subtotal Less: Net debt issuance costs (1) ) ) Debt discount ) Current portion of long-term debt ) ) ) Total 

 (1) Does not include debt issuance costs, net of amortization, totaling million, million and million as of October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and January 31, 2024, respectively, related to the revolving credit facility. These debt issuance costs have been deferred and are classified in assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in accordance with ASC 835. Senior Secured Notes The Company had previously completed a private debt offering of million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. In August 2024, the Company used cash on hand and borrowings from its revolving credit facility to make a million payment to voluntarily redeem the entire million principal amount of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 million associated with the Notes. These debt issuance costs were fully extinguished and charged to interest expense in the Company s results of operations. Third Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement On June 4, 2024, the Company s subsidiaries, G-III Leather Fashions, Inc., Riviera Sun, Inc., AM Retail Group, Inc. and The Donna Karan Company Store LLC (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into the third amended and restated credit agreement (the Third ABL Credit Agreement with the lenders named therein and with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility providing for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. The Company and certain of its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, as well as G-III Apparel Canada ULC (collectively, the Guarantors ), are guarantors under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement amends and restates the Second Amended Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2020 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to June 4, 2024, the Second Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrowers and the Guarantors, the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the administrative agent thereunder. The Second Credit Agreement provided for borrowings of up to million and was due to expire on . The Third ABL Credit Agreement extends the maturity date to June 2029, subject to a springing maturity date as defined within the credit agreement. Amounts available under the Third ABL Credit Agreement are subject to borrowing base formulas and overadvances as specified in the Third ABL Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest, at the Borrowers option, at Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin of to , or the alternate base rate plus a margin of to (defined as the greatest of (i) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from time to time, (ii) the federal funds rate plus and (iii) SOFR for a borrowing with an interest period of one month plus ), with the applicable margin determined based on the Borrowers average daily availability under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. As of October 31, 2024, interest under the Third ABL Credit Agreement was being paid at an average rate of per annum. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is secured by specified assets of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. In addition to paying interest on any outstanding borrowings under the Third ABL Credit Agreement, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the credit agreement with respect to the unutilized commitments. The commitment fee accrues at a tiered rate equal to per annum on the average daily amount of the available commitments when the average usage is less than 50 of the total available commitments and decreases to per annum on the average daily amount of the available commitments when the average usage is greater than or equal to 50 of the total available commitments. The Third ABL Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the Company s ability to, subject to specified exceptions, incur additional debt; incur liens; sell or dispose of certain assets; merge with other companies; liquidate or dissolve the Company; acquire other companies; make loans, advances, or guarantees; and make certain investments. In certain circumstances, the revolving credit facility also requires the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement, not less than to 1.00 for each period of twelve consecutive fiscal months of the Company. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had million borrowings outstanding under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement also includes amounts available for letters of credit. As of October 31, 2024, there were outstanding trade and standby letters of credit amounting to million and million, respectively. At the date of the refinancing of the Second ABL Credit Agreement, the Company had million of unamortized debt issuance costs remaining from the Second ABL Credit Agreement. There was extinguishment of any amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs remaining from the Second ABL Credit Agreement. The Company incurred new debt issuance costs totaling million related to the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Company has a total of million debt issuance costs related to its Third ABL Credit Agreement. As permitted under ASC 835, the debt issuance costs have been deferred and are presented as an asset which is amortized ratably over the term of the Third ABL Credit Agreement. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 million that bore interest at the rate of per year. million of the principal amount of the LVMH Note was paid on and the remaining million of such principal amount was paid on . ASC 820 required the LVMH Note to be recorded at fair value at issuance. As a result, the Company recorded a million debt discount. This discount was amortized as interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the LVMH Note. Unsecured Loans Several of the Company s foreign entities borrow funds under various unsecured loans of which a portion is to provide funding for operations in the normal course of business while other loans are European state backed loans as part of COVID-19 relief programs. In the aggregate, the Company is currently required to make quarterly installment payments of principal in the amount of million under these loans. Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the unsecured loans accrues at a fixed rate equal to to per annum, payable on either a quarterly or monthly basis. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate outstanding balance of million million) under these unsecured loans. Overdraft Facilities During fiscal 2021 and 2025, certain of the Company s foreign entities entered into overdraft facilities that allow for applicable bank accounts to be in a negative position up to a certain maximum overdraft. These uncommitted overdraft facilities with HSBC Bank allow for an aggregate maximum overdraft of million. Interest on drawn balances accrues at a rate equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin of per annum, payable quarterly. The facility may be cancelled at any time by the Company or HSBC Bank. As part of a COVID-19 relief program, certain of the Company s foreign entities entered into several state backed overdraft facilities with UBS Bank in Switzerland for an aggregate of CHF million at varying interest rates of to . As of October 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of million million) drawn under these various facilities. Foreign Credit Facility KLH has a credit agreement with ABN AMRO Bank N.V. with a credit limit of million which is secured by specified assets of KLH. Borrowings bear interest at the Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin of . As of October 31, 2024, KLH had an aggregate outstanding balance of million million) borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million at October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The Company recognized million in revenue for the three months ended October 31, 2024 related to contract liabilities that existed at July 31, 2024. The Company recognized million in revenue for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 related to contract liabilities that existed at January 31, 2024. There were contract assets recorded as of October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and January 31, 2024. Substantially all of the advance payments from licensees as of October 31, 2024 are expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. reportable segments: wholesale operations and retail operations. The wholesale operations segment includes sales of products to retailers under owned, licensed and private label brands, as well as sales related to the Vilebrequin and Karl Lagerfeld businesses, including from retail stores operated by Vilebrequin and Karl Lagerfeld, other than sales of product under the Karl Lagerfeld Paris brand generated by the Company s retail stores and digital outlets. Wholesale revenues also include royalty revenues from license agreements related to the DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld, Vilebrequin, G.H. Bass, Andrew Marc and Sonia Rykiel trademarks owned by the Company. The retail operations segment consists primarily of direct sales to consumers through Company-operated stores, which consists primarily of DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld Paris stores, as well as the digital channels for DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld Paris, G.H. Bass and Wilsons Leather. Substantially all DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld Paris stores are operated as outlet stores. ) Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Operating profit (loss) ) 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 ) Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Asset impairments Operating profit (loss) ) 

Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 Wholesale Retail Elimination (1) Total (In thousands) Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Operating profit (loss) ) 

Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023 Wholesale Retail Elimination (1) Total (In thousands) Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Asset impairments Operating profit (loss) ) 

 (1) Represents intersegment sales to the Company s retail operations segment. 
 Proprietary brands Wholesale net sales Licensed brands Proprietary brands Retail net sales Retail Corporate Total assets 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock and utilized shares of treasury stock in connection with the vesting of equity awards. For the three months ended October 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock and utilized shares of treasury stock in connection with the vesting of equity awards. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock and utilized shares of treasury stock in connection with the vesting of equity awards. For the nine months ended October 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock and utilized shares of treasury stock in connection with the vesting of equity awards. interest in Fabco that it did not previously own for million. Additionally, at the date of the transaction, there were million of payables due from Fabco to Amlon. As settlement of a portion of the outstanding payables, the Company issued a non-interest bearing promissory note to Amlon in the principal amount of million of which million of the principal amount is due and payable on April 17, 2025 and million of the principal amount is due and payable on April 17, 2026. The promissory note is classified in notes payable in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2024. The remaining million of payables due to Amlon was forgiven, resulting in the Company recognizing a gain of million within other income (loss) in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Since the Company controlled Fabco prior to this transaction and continues to control Fabco after the transaction, the Company accounted for the change in its ownership interest in Fabco as an equity transaction, which was reflected as a reduction of the noncontrolling interest with a corresponding decrease to additional paid in capital as a result of losses incurred by Fabco. gain or loss was recognized in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as a result of this transaction. minority interest in AWWG for million million). AWWG is a global fashion group and premier platform for international brands. AWWG owns a portfolio of brands including Hackett, Pepe Jeans and Fa onnable. This investment is intended to leverage AWWG s expertise and provide for synergies to support the Company s international expansion priority through the development of its operational platform in Europe. In July 2024, the Company acquired an additional minority interest in AWWG for million million), increasing its total ownership interest to . The investment in AWWG is owned by G-III Foreign Holdings B.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. G-III Foreign Holdings B.V. reports results on a calendar year basis rather than on the January 31 fiscal year basis used by the Company. Prior to the additional investment made in July 2024, the Company accounted for its investment in AWWG using the cost method and the investment was classified in other assets, net in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of the date of the additional investment made in July 2024, the Company determined it has significant influence in accordance with ASC 323 and, as a result, converted the accounting for the investment from the cost method to the equity method of accounting. The investment is classified in investments in unconsolidated affiliates in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2024. 

 17 

Table of Contents 

18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Unless the context otherwise requires, G-III, us, we and our refer to G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. and its subsidiaries. References to fiscal years refer to the year ended or ending on January 31 of that year. For example, our fiscal year ending January 31, 2025 is referred to as fiscal 2025. KLH, Vilebrequin, Sonia Rykiel, Fabco and AWWG report results on a calendar year basis rather than on the January 31 fiscal year basis used by G-III. Accordingly, the results of KLH, Vilebrequin, Sonia Rykiel, Fabco and AWWG are included in the financial statements for the quarter ended or ending closest to G-III s fiscal quarter end. For example, with respect to our results for the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024, the results of KLH, Vilebrequin, Sonia Rykiel, Fabco and AWWG are included for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. Our retail operations segment uses a 52/53-week fiscal year. For fiscal 2025 and 2024, the three and nine-month periods for the retail operations segment were each 13-week and 39-week periods and ended on November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. Various statements contained in this Form 10-Q, in future filings by us with the SEC, in our press releases and in oral statements made from time to time by us or on our behalf constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, expect, will, project, we believe, is or remains optimistic, currently envisions, forecasts, goal and similar words or phrases and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include representations of our expectations or beliefs concerning future events that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the following: the failure to maintain our material license agreements could cause us to lose significant revenues and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; u nless we are able to increase the sales of our other products, acquire new businesses and/or enter into other license agreements covering different products, the limited extension period of the amended Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger license agreements could cause a significant decrease in our net sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; any adverse change in our relationship with PVH Corp. and its Calvin Klein or Tommy Hilfiger brands would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; our dependence on the strategies and reputation of our licensors; risks relating to our wholesale operations including, among others, maintaining the image of our proprietary brands and business practices of our customers that could adversely affect us; our significant customer concentration, and the risk that the loss of one of our largest customers could adversely affect our business; risks relating to our retail operations segment; our ability to achieve operating enhancements and cost reductions from our retail operations; dependence on existing management; our ability to make strategic acquisitions and possible disruptions from acquisitions, including our ownership of the entire Karl Lagerfeld business, and the risks associated with such acquisitions on our ability to maintain an effective internal control environment; need for additional financing; seasonal nature of our business and effect of unseasonable or extreme weather on our business; possible adverse effects from disruptions to the worldwide supply chain; price, availability and quality of materials used in our products; the need to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property; risk that our licensees may not generate expected sales or maintain the value of our brands; the impact of the current economic and credit environment on us, our customers, suppliers and vendors, including without limitation, the effects of inflationary cost pressures and higher interest rates; effects of war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or public health crises could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East; our dependence on foreign manufacturers; 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 risks of expansion into foreign markets, conducting business internationally and exposures to foreign currencies; risks related to the implementation of the national security law in Hong Kong; the need to successfully upgrade, maintain and secure our information systems; increased exposure to consumer privacy, cybersecurity and fraud concerns, including as a result of a remote working environment; possible adverse effects of data security or privacy breaches; the impact on our business of the imposition of tariffs by the United States government and the escalation of trade tensions between countries; changes in tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities that could impact our business; the effect of regulations applicable to us as a U.S. public company; focus on corporate responsibility issues by stakeholders; potential effect on the price of our stock if actual results are worse than financial forecasts or if we are unable to provide financial forecasts; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; impairment of our trademarks or other intangibles may require us to record charges against earnings; and risks related to our indebtedness. Any forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and judgments and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are unforeseeable and beyond our control. A detailed discussion of significant risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations is described under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Overview G-III designs, sources and markets an extensive range of apparel, including outerwear, dresses, sportswear, swimwear, women s suits and women s performance wear, as well as women s handbags, footwear, small leather goods, cold weather accessories and luggage. G-III has a substantial portfolio of more than 30 licensed and proprietary brands, anchored by our key brands: DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld, Nautica and Halston, as well as other major brands that currently drive our business, including Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger. We distribute our products through multiple channels and in markets located in a variety of geographies. Our own proprietary brands include DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld, Karl Lagerfeld Paris, Vilebrequin, G.H. Bass, Eliza J, Jessica Howard, Andrew Marc, Marc New York, Wilsons Leather and Sonia Rykiel. We have an extensive portfolio of well-known licensed brands, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Nautica, Halston, Levi s, Kenneth Cole, Cole Haan, Vince Camuto, Dockers, Champion, Converse and BCBG. Through our team sports business, we have licenses with the National Football League, National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball, National Hockey League and over 150 U.S. colleges and universities. We also source and sell products to major retailers for their own private label programs. Our products are sold through a cross section of leading retailers such as Macy s, including its Bloomingdale s division, Dillard s, Hudson s Bay Company, including its Saks Fifth Avenue division, Nordstrom, Kohl s, TJX Companies, Ross Stores, Burlington and Costco. We also sell our products using digital channels through retail partners such as macys.com, nordstrom.com and dillards.com, each of which operates significant digital businesses. In addition, we sell to leading online retail partners such as Amazon, Fanatics, Zalando and Zappos. We also distribute apparel and other products directly to consumers through our own DKNY, Karl Lagerfeld, Karl Lagerfeld Paris and Vilebrequin retail stores, as well as through our digital sites for our DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld, Karl Lagerfeld Paris, Vilebrequin, G.H. Bass, Wilsons Leather and Sonia Rykiel brands. We operate in fashion markets that are intensely competitive. Our ability to continuously evaluate and respond to changing consumer demands and tastes, across multiple market segments, distribution channels and geographic areas is critical to our success. Although our portfolio of brands is aimed at diversifying our risks in this regard, misjudging shifts in consumer preferences could have a negative effect on our business. Our continued success depends on our ability to design products 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 that are accepted in the marketplace, source the manufacture of our products on a competitive basis and continue to diversify our product portfolio and the markets we serve. We believe that consumers prefer to buy brands they know, and we have continually sought to increase the portfolio of name brands we can offer through different tiers of retail distribution, for a wide array of products at a variety of price points. We have increased the portfolio of brands we offer through licenses, acquisitions and joint ventures. It is our objective to continue to expand our product offerings and we are continually discussing new licensing opportunities with brand owners and seeking to acquire established brands. Recent Developments Repositioning and Expansion of Donna Karan We acquired the DKNY and Donna Karan brands, two of the most iconic American fashion brands, in December 2016. We initially repositioned and relaunched DKNY and we have successfully grown the brand. In February 2024, we relaunched the Donna Karan brand with new designs supported by a powerful ad campaign and an updated digital experience. Our new Donna Karan product is currently being distributed in the United States through our diversified distribution network, including better department stores, digital channels and our own Donna Karan website. We intend to continue to focus on several initiatives to continue the momentum and invest in marketing to further drive awareness of the Donna Karan brand, as well as to expand the brand into complementary categories through licensing. Donna Karan is widely considered to be a top fashion brand and is recognized as one of the most famous designer names in American fashion. We believe that the strength of the Donna Karan brand, along with our success with the DKNY brand, demonstrates the potential for our new Donna Karan products. Investment in AWWG In May 2024, we acquired a 12.1 minority interest in AWWG Investments B.V. AWWG for 50 million 53.6 million). AWWG is a global fashion group and premier platform for international brands. AWWG owns a portfolio of brands including Hackett, Pepe Jeans and Fa onnable. In July 2024, we acquired an additional 6.6 minority interest in AWWG for 27.1 million 29.1 million), increasing our total ownership interest to approximately 18.7 . This investment is intended to leverage AWWG s expertise and provide for synergies to support our international expansion priority through the development of our operational platform in Europe. License Agreements In fiscal 2025, we entered into license agreements for (i) men s and women s apparel under the Converse brand and (ii) women s apparel under the BCBG brand. In fiscal 2024, we entered into license agreements (i) for women s apparel under the Nautica brand, (ii) to design and produce all categories of men s and women s product for the Halston brand and (iii) to design and produce men s and women s outerwear collections for the Champion brand. Each of these license agreements include an initial term of five-years with certain renewal options. The products produced under these license agreements is distributed, or expected to be distributed, in North America through our diversified distribution network, including better department stores, digital channels, as well as other channels. Additionally, our Halston and Converse product is expected to be distributed globally. First deliveries of our Converse and BCBG products are expected to begin in Fall 2025. First deliveries of our Nautica product began in Spring 2024, and Halston and Champion product began in Fall 2024. We believe that significant opportunity exists in the categories subject to these license agreements where we have strong expertise, and the products produced, or expected to be produced, under these license agreements align with G-III s core competencies. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Third Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement In June 2024, our subsidiaries, G-III Leather Fashions, Inc., Riviera Sun, Inc., AM Retail Group, Inc. and The Donna Karan Company Store LLC (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into the third amended and restated credit agreement (the Third ABL Credit Agreement with the lenders named therein and with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is a five-year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility providing for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of up to 700 million. We and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, as well as G-III Apparel Canada ULC (collectively, the Guarantors ), are guarantors under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement amends and restates the Second Amended Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2020 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to June 4, 2024, the Second Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrowers and the Guarantors, the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the administrative agent thereunder. The Second Credit Agreement provided for borrowings of up to 650 million and was due to expire on August 7, 2025. The Third ABL Credit Agreement extends the maturity date to June 2029, subject to a springing maturity date as defined within the credit agreement. Amounts available under the Third ABL Credit Agreement are subject to borrowing base formulas and overadvances as specified in the Third ABL Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest, at the Borrowers option, at Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin of 1.50 to 2.00 , or the alternate base rate plus a margin of 0.50 to 1.00 (defined as the greatest of (i) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from time to time, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 and (iii) SOFR for a borrowing with an interest period of one month plus 1.00 ), with the applicable margin determined based on the Borrowers average daily availability under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is secured by specified assets of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. Senior Secured Notes Redemption In August 2024, we used cash on hand and borrowings from our revolving credit facility to make a 400.7 million payment to voluntarily redeem the entire 400 million principal amount of our 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due August 2025 (the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Segments We report based on two segments: wholesale operations and retail operations. Our wholesale operations segment includes sales of products to retailers under owned, licensed and private label brands, as well as sales related to the Karl Lagerfeld and Vilebrequin businesses, including from retail stores operated by Vilebrequin and Karl Lagerfeld, other than sales of product under the Karl Lagerfeld Paris brand generated by our retail stores and digital sites. Wholesale revenues also include royalty revenues from license agreements related to our owned trademarks including DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld, G.H. Bass, Andrew Marc, Vilebrequin and Sonia Rykiel. Our retail operations segment consists primarily of direct sales to consumers through our company-operated stores and product sales through our digital sites for the DKNY, Donna Karan, Karl Lagerfeld Paris, G.H. Bass and Wilsons Leather brands. Our company-operated stores primarily consist of DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld Paris retail stores, substantially all of which are operated as outlet stores. Trends Affecting Our Business Industry Trends Significant trends that affect the apparel industry include retail chains closing unprofitable stores, an increased focus by retail chains and others on expanding digital sales and providing convenience-driven fulfillment options, the continued consolidation of retail chains and the desire on the part of retailers to consolidate vendors supplying them. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 We distribute our products through multiple channels, including online through retail partners such as macys.com, nordstrom.com and dillards.com, each of which has a substantial online business. As sales of apparel through digital channels continue to increase, we are developing additional digital marketing initiatives on both our web sites and third party web sites and through social media. We are investing in digital personnel, marketing, logistics, planning, distribution and other strategic opportunities to expand our digital footprint. Our digital business consists of our own web platforms at www.dkny.com, www.donnakaran.com, www.ghbass.com, www.vilebrequin.com, www.wilsonsleather.com, www.soniarykiel.com, www.karllagerfeldparis.com and www.karl.com. In addition, we sell to leading online retail partners such as Amazon, Fanatics, Zalando and Zappos. A number of retailers have experienced financial difficulties, which in some cases have resulted in bankruptcies, liquidations and/or store closings. The financial difficulties of a retail customer of ours could result in reduced business with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a retail customer experiencing financial difficulty that could result in higher reserves for doubtful accounts or increased write-offs of accounts receivable. We attempt to mitigate credit risk from our customers by closely monitoring accounts receivable balances and shipping levels, as well as the ongoing financial performance and credit standing of customers. Retailers are seeking to differentiate their offerings by devoting more resources to the development of exclusive products, whether by focusing on their own private label products or on products produced exclusively for a retailer by a national brand manufacturer. Exclusive brands are only made available to a specific retailer. As a result, customers loyal to their brands can only find them in the stores of that retailer. We have attempted to respond to general trends in our industry by continuing to focus on selling products with recognized brand equity, by attention to design, quality and value and by improving our sourcing capabilities. We have also responded with the strategic acquisitions made by us, such as our purchase of the interests not previously owned by us that resulted in Karl Lagerfeld becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary, new license agreements entered into by us, such as our recent license agreements for the Nautica, Halston, Champion and Converse brands and investments to accelerate our strategic priorities, such as our investment in AWWG. Our actions added to our portfolio of licensed and proprietary brands and helped diversify our business by adding new product lines and expanding distribution channels. We believe that our broad distribution capabilities help us to respond to the various shifts by consumers between distribution channels and that our operational capabilities will enable us to continue to be a vendor of choice for our retail partners. Political Environment In November 2024, the U.S. presidential election resulted in the election of a new president and administration that will take effect in January 2025. The potential impact of new policies that may be implemented as a result of the new administration is currently uncertain. Any resulting changes in international trade relations, legislation and regulations (including those related to taxation and importation), economic and monetary policies, heightened diplomatic tensions or political and civil unrest, among other potential impacts, could adversely impact the global economy and our operating results. Tax Laws and Regulations In December 2022, the Council of the European Union EU announced that EU member states reached an agreement to implement the minimum tax component of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s international tax reform initiative, known as Pillar Two. The Pillar Two Model Rules provide for a global minimum tax of 15 for multinational enterprise groups, and is effective for fiscal 2025. While we do not expect these rules to have a material impact on our effective tax rate or financial results, we will continue to monitor evolving tax legislation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was signed into law which contains several tax-related provisions. Among other effects, the IRA created an excise tax of 1 on stock repurchases by publicly traded U.S. corporations effective after December 31, 2022. The excise tax on common stock repurchases is classified as an additional cost of the stock acquired included in treasury stock in shareholders' equity. The excise tax did not have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows as of and for the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation and Interest Rates Inflationary pressures have impacted the entire economy, including our industry. Recent high rates of inflation, including increased fuel and food prices, have led to a softening of consumer demand and increased promotional activity in the apparel categories we sell. Ongoing inflation may lead to further challenges to increase our sales and may also negatively impact our cost structure and labor costs in the future. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates several times in fiscal 2024 in response to concerns about inflation. The Federal Reserve recently decreased interest rates in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, however it is unclear whether the Federal Reserve will further reduce interest rates, maintain the current rates or raise interest rates in the future. Higher interest rates increase the cost of our borrowing under our revolving credit facility, may increase economic uncertainty and may negatively affect consumer spending. Volatility in interest rates may adversely affect our business or our customers. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain in a timely manner or on favorable terms, or at all. Foreign Currency Fluctuation Our consolidated operations are impacted by the relationships between our reporting currency, the U.S. Dollar, and those of our non-United States subsidiaries whose functional/local currency is other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the Euro. Volatility in the global foreign currency exchange rates may have a negative impact on the reported results of certain of our non-United States subsidiaries in the future, when translated to the U.S. Dollar. Supply Chain The global supply chain continues to be negatively impacted by various factors, including the ongoing disruptions in the Red Sea, port congestion and capacity shortages in Asia and recent and threatened port strikes on the U.S. East and Gulf coasts and in Canada . Although our business has not been significantly impacted by such disruptions, we have experienced some shipping delays impacting the timing of inventory receipts. These delays have not yet resulted in a significant loss of customer sales and the increase in transportation costs to North America has not yet been significant. We have incurred and will continue to incur increased shipping costs to North America and Europe in the second half of fiscal 2025. We continue to monitor supply chain challenges and coordinate with our partners to divert or adjust routes and destinations accordingly to ensure timely delivery of our product. International Conflicts We are monitoring the direct and indirect impacts from the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Hamas, as well as other confrontations in the Middle East related to the Israel and Hamas conflict. These international conflicts and the continued threat of terrorism, heightened security measures and military action in response to acts of terrorism or civil unrest have disrupted commerce and intensified concerns regarding the United States and world economies. Our sales in Russia, Ukraine and Israel are not material to our financial results. However, the imposition of additional sanctions by the United States and/or foreign governments, as well as the sanctions already in place, could lead to restrictions related to sales and our supply chain for which the financial impact is uncertain. In addition, the continuation or escalation of these international conflicts, including the potential for additional countries to declare war against each other, may lead to further, broader unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, including unfavorable foreign exchange rates, increases in fuel prices, food shortages, a weakening of the worldwide economy, lower consumer demand and volatility in financial markets. The possible effects of these international conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. Results of Operations Three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to three months ended October 31, 2023 Net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased to 1.09 billion from 1.07 billion in the same period last year. Net sales of our segments are reported before intercompany eliminations. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Net sales of our wholesale operations segment increased to 1.07 billion for the three months ended October 31, 2024 from 1.05 billion in the comparable period last year. This increase was primarily the result of an increase in net sales of our DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld products, as well as our Donna Karan products and Nautica denim licensed products that primarily started shipping during the current year. The increase in sales of DKNY products was primarily related to performance wear, sportswear and denim categories. The increase in sales of Karl Lagerfeld products was primarily related to women s suits, shoes, handbags and outerwear. These increases were partially offset by decreases in net sales of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger licensed products. Net sales of our retail operations segment were 42.3 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 32.7 million in the same period last year. The number of retail stores operated by us decreased from 62 at October 31, 2023 to 51 at October 31, 2024. The increase in sales in our retail operations segment was the result of increased sales at our Karl Lagerfeld Paris and DKNY stores. Comparable store sales, which include both stores and digital channels, increased by high double digits at our Karl Lagerfeld Paris and DKNY stores compared to the same period in the prior year. Gross profit was 432.1 million, or 39.8 of net sales, for the three months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 433.4 million, or 40.6 of net sales, in the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in our wholesale operations segment was 38.4 in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 39.6 in the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in the current year period decreased due to product mix, partially offset by an increased proportion of sales of product related to our owned brands which have no royalty costs and thus result in a higher gross profit percentage . The gross profit percentage in our retail operations segment was 52.3 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 49.1 for the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in the current year period was positively impacted by product mix with a higher gross profit percentage. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 259.2 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 from 236.3 million in the same period last year. The increase in expenses was primarily due to increases of 12.0 million in compensation expenses, primarily due to an increase in salaries and bonus expense accruals, 9.0 million in advertising expenses, primarily due to the relaunch of the Donna Karan brand and higher spending on the DKNY brand which was partially offset by reduced royalty advertising expenses resulting from lower net sales of licensed product, and 1.6 million in third-party warehouse and facility expenses Depreciation and amortization was 6.6 million for both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. Other income was 0.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to other loss of 3.1 million in the same period last year. Other income in the current period was impacted by 0.3 million of income from unconsolidated affiliates during the current year period compared to 2.7 million of losses from unconsolidated affiliates in the same period last year. Additionally, other income in the current period was impacted by 0.5 million of foreign currency income during the current year period compared to 0.4 million of foreign currency losses in the same period last year. Interest and financing charges, net, for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were 6.4 million compared to 11.0 million in the same period last year. The decrease in interest and financing charges was primarily due to a 4.3 million decrease in interest charges resulting from the redemption of the entire 400 million principal amount of the Notes in August 2024 that was partially offset by increased interest charges from higher average borrowings under our revolving credit facility in the current year period. Additionally, there was a decrease of 0.7 million in interest charges related to the LVMH Note as a result of the repayment of 125 million in principal of this Note in fiscal 2024. These decreases were partially offset by a 1.6 million charge to interest expense from extinguished debt issuance costs upon the redemption of the Notes. Income tax expense was 46.2 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 48.8 million for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate increased to 28.7 in the current year s quarter from 27.7 in last year s comparable quarter. The higher effective tax rate in the current year period is primarily due to the impact of permanent tax adjustments on the annual effective tax rate. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to nine months ended October 31, 2023 Net sales for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 increased to 2.34 billion from 2.33 billion in the same period last year. Net sales of our segments are reported before intercompany eliminations. Net sales of our wholesale operations segment was 2.28 billion for both the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. There was increases in net sales of our DKNY and Karl Lagerfeld products, as well as our Donna Karan products and Nautica denim licensed products that primarily started shipping during the current year. The increase in sales of DKNY products was primarily related to performance wear, sportswear and denim categories. The increase in sales of Karl Lagerfeld products was primarily related to women s suits, shoes, handbags and sportswear. These increases were partially offset by decreases in net sales of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger licensed products. Net sales of our retail operations segment were 110.1 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 97.3 million in the same period last year. The number of retail stores operated by us decreased from 62 at October 31, 2023 to 51 at October 31, 2024. The increase in sales in our retail operations segment was the result of increased sales at our Karl Lagerfeld Paris stores, partially offset by decreased sales at our DKNY stores. Comparable store sales, which include both stores and digital channels, increased by low double digits at our Karl Lagerfeld Paris and DKNY stores compared to the same period in the prior year. Gross profit was 966.9 million, or 41.3 of net sales, for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, compared to 959.9 million, or 41.1 of net sales, in the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in our wholesale operations segment was 39.8 in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 40.0 in the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in our retail operations segment was 51.5 for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 50.2 for the same period last year. The gross profit percentage in the current year period was positively impacted by product mix with a higher gross profit percentage. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 724.9 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 from 703.5 million in the same period last year. The increase in expenses was primarily due increases of 15.5 million in advertising expenses, primarily due to the relaunch of the Donna Karan brand and higher spending on the DKNY brand that was partially offset by reduced royalty advertising expenses resulting from lower net sales of licensed product, and 13.2 million in compensation expenses, primarily due to an increase in salaries. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 8.3 million in third-party warehouse and facility expenses associated with carrying lower levels of inventory. Depreciation and amortization was 20.7 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 19.1 million in the same period last year. This increase primarily results from higher depreciation and amortization related to information technology expenditures and fixturing costs at department stores. Other loss was 2.2 million in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 2.0 million in the same period last year. Interest and financing charges, net, for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 were 16.7 million compared to 32.7 million in the same period last year. The decrease in interest and financing charges was primarily due to a 7.9 million increase in investment income from having a larger average cash position in fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024. Additionally, there was a 4.5 million decrease in interest charges resulting from the redemption of the entire 400 million principal amount of the Notes in August 2024 that was partially offset by increased interest charges from higher average borrowings under our revolving credit facility in the current year as well as a decrease of 3.6 million in interest charges related to the LVMH Note as a result of the repayment of 125 million in principal of this Note in fiscal 2024. These decreases were partially offset by a 1.6 million charge to interest expense from extinguished debt issuance costs upon the redemption of the Notes. Income tax expense was 57.9 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 55.7 million for the same period last year. Our effective tax rate increased to 28.6 in the current year s period from 27.5 in last year s comparable period. The higher effective tax rate in the current year period is due to the impact of permanent tax adjustments on the annual effective tax rate. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Availability We rely on our cash flows generated from operations, cash and cash equivalents and the borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility to meet the cash requirements of our business. The cash requirements of our business are primarily related to the seasonal buildup in inventories, compensation paid to employees, occupancy, payments to vendors in the normal course of business, capital expenditures, interest payments on debt obligations and income tax payments. We have also used cash to repurchase our shares, make investments and redeem the Notes. As of October 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 104.7 million and availability under our revolving credit facility of approximately 480 million. As of October 31, 2024, we were in compliance with covenants under our revolving credit facility. In August 2024, we used our cash and borrowings from our revolving credit facility to make a 400.7 million payment to voluntarily redeem the entire principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Senior Secured Notes We had previously completed a private debt offering of 400 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. In August 2024, we used cash on hand and borrowings from our revolving credit facility to make a 400.7 million payment to voluntarily redeem the entire 400 million principal amount of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. At the date of redemption, we had unamortized debt issuance costs of 1.6 million associated with the Notes. These debt issuance costs were fully extinguished and charged to interest expense in our results of operations. Third Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement On June 4, 2024, our subsidiaries, G-III Leather Fashions, Inc., Riviera Sun, Inc., AM Retail Group, Inc. and The Donna Karan Company Store LLC (collectively, the Borrowers ), entered into the third amended and restated credit agreement (the Third ABL Credit Agreement with the lenders named therein and with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is a five-year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility providing for borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of up to 700 million. We and certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, as well as G-III Apparel Canada ULC (collectively, the Guarantors ), are guarantors under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement amends and restates the Second Amended Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2020 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to June 4, 2024, the Second Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrowers and the Guarantors, the lenders from time-to-time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the administrative agent thereunder. The Second Credit Agreement provided for borrowings of up to 650 million and was due to expire on August 7, 2025. The Third ABL Credit Agreement extends the maturity date to June 2029, subject to a springing maturity date as defined within the credit agreement. Amounts available under the Third ABL Credit Agreement are subject to borrowing base formulas and overadvances as specified in the Third ABL Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest, at the Borrowers option, at Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin of 1.50 to 2.00 , or the alternate base rate plus a margin of 0.50 to 1.00 (defined as the greatest of (i) the prime rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. from time to time, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5 and (iii) SOFR for a borrowing with an interest period of one month plus 1.00 ), with the applicable margin determined based on the Borrowers average daily availability under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is secured by specified assets of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. As of October 31, 2024, interest under the Third ABL Credit Agreement was being paid at an average rate of 6.57 per annum. The Third ABL Credit Agreement is secured by specified assets of the Borrowers and the Guarantors. In addition to paying interest on any outstanding borrowings under the Third ABL Credit Agreement, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the credit agreement with respect to the unutilized commitments. The commitment fee accrues at a tiered rate equal to 0.375 per annum on the average daily amount of the available commitments when the average usage 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 is less than 50 of the total available commitments and decreases to 0.25 per annum on the average daily amount of the available commitments when the average usage is greater than or equal to 50 of the total available commitments. The Third ABL Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restricts our ability to, subject to specified exceptions, incur additional debt; incur liens; sell or dispose of certain assets; merge with other companies; liquidate or dissolve the Company; acquire other companies; make loans, advances, or guarantees; and make certain investments. In certain circumstances, the revolving credit facility also requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement, not less than 1.00 to 1.00 for each period of twelve consecutive fiscal months. As of October 31, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. As of October 31, 2024, we had 210.1 million in borrowings outstanding under the Third ABL Credit Agreement. The Third ABL Credit Agreement also includes amounts available for letters of credit. As of October 31, 2024, there were outstanding trade and standby letters of credit amounting to 6.2 million and 2.9 million, respectively. At the date of the refinancing of the Second ABL Credit Agreement, we had 1.9 million of unamortized debt issuance costs remaining from the Second ABL Credit Agreement. There was no extinguishment of any amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs remaining from the Second ABL Credit Agreement. We incurred new debt issuance costs totaling 3.8 million related to the Third ABL Credit Agreement. We have a total of 5.6 million debt issuance costs related to our Third ABL Credit Agreement. As permitted under ASC 835, the debt issuance costs have been deferred and are presented as an asset which is amortized ratably over the term of the Third ABL Credit Agreement. LVMH Note We issued to LVMH, as a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of DKI, a junior lien secured promissory note in favor of LVMH in the principal amount of 125 million (the LVMH Note that bore interest at the rate of 2 per year. 75 million of the principal amount of the LVMH Note was paid on June 1, 2023 and the remaining 50 million of such principal amount was paid on December 1, 2023. Based on an independent valuation, it was determined that the LVMH Note should be treated as having been issued at a discount of 40 million in accordance with ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements . This discount was amortized as interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the LVMH Note. Unsecured Loans Several of our foreign entities borrow funds under various unsecured loans of which a portion is to provide funding for operations in the normal course of business while other loans are European state backed loans that were part of COVID-19 relief programs. In the aggregate, we are currently required to make quarterly installment payments of principal in the amount of 0.6 million. Interest on the outstanding principal amount of the unsecured loans accrues at a fixed rate equal to 0 to 5.0 per annum, payable on either a quarterly or monthly basis. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate outstanding balance of 6.0 million 7.3 million) under these various unsecured loans. Overdraft Facilities During fiscal 2021 and 2025, certain of the Company s foreign entities entered into overdraft facilities that allow for applicable bank accounts to be in a negative position up to a certain maximum overdraft. These uncommitted overdraft facilities with HSBC Bank allow for an aggregate maximum overdraft of 10 million. Interest on drawn balances accrues at a rate equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin of 1.75 per annum, payable quarterly. The facility may be cancelled at any time by the Company or HSBC Bank. As part of a COVID-19 relief program, certain of the Company s foreign entities have also entered into several state backed overdraft facilities with UBS Bank in Switzerland for an aggregate of CHF 4.7 million at varying interest rates of 0 to 0.5 . As of October 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 4.1 million 4.6 million) drawn under these various facilities. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign Credit Facility KLH has a credit agreement with ABN AMRO Bank N.V. with a credit limit of 15.0 million which is secured by specified assets of KLH. Borrowings bear interest at the Euro Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin of 1.7 . As of October 31, 2024, KLH had an aggregate balance of 2.0 million 2.2 million) in borrowings outstanding under this credit facility. Outstanding Borrowings Our primary operating cash requirements are to fund our seasonal buildup in inventories and accounts receivable, primarily during the second and third fiscal quarters each year. Due to the seasonality of our business, we generally reach our peak borrowings under our asset-based credit facility during our third fiscal quarter. The primary sources to meet our operating cash requirements have been borrowings under this credit facility and cash generated from operations. We had 210.1 million in borrowings outstanding under our Third ABL Credit Agreement at October 31, 2024 and no borrowings outstanding under our Third ABL Credit Agreement at October 31, 2023. We redeemed the entire 400 million principal amount of the Notes in August 2024. We had 400 million in borrowings outstanding under the Notes at October 31, 2023. Our contingent liability under open letters of credit was approximately 9.0 million and 4.9 million at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At October 31, 2023, we had 50 million of face value principal amount outstanding under the LVMH Note. The amount outstanding under the LVMH Note was repaid during fiscal 2024. We had an aggregate of 6.0 million 7.3 million) and 8.6 million 9.1 million) outstanding under the Company s various unsecured loans as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We had 4.1 million 4.6 million) and 1.8 million 1.9 million) outstanding under our various overdraft facilities as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We had 2.0 million 2.2 million) and 3.9 million 4.2 million) outstanding under our foreign credit facility as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Share Repurchase Program In August 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the number of shares covered by our share repurchase program to an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 shares. Pursuant to this program, during the nine months ended October 2024, we acquired 2,209,832 of our shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 60.0 million, excluding excise tax. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions and prevailing stock prices, and are subject to compliance with certain covenants contained in our loan agreement. Share repurchases may take place on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means, and would be made in accordance with applicable securities laws. As of October 31, 2024, we had remaining 7,790,168 shares that are authorized for purchase under this program. As of December 5, 2024, we had 43,886,707 shares of common stock outstanding. Cash from Operating Activities We used 17.0 million in cash from operating activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily as a result of increases of 317.3 million in accounts receivable and 12.0 million in inventories. These items were offset, in part, by our net income of 144.8 million, an increase of 80.6 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, a decrease of 23.2 million in income taxes and non-cash charges relating primarily to depreciation and amortization of 20.7 million and share-based compensation of 17.9 million. The changes in operating cash flow items are generally consistent with our seasonal pattern of higher sales and building up inventory for the fall shipping season resulting in the increases in accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable. The fall shipping season begins during the latter half of our second fiscal quarter. Our fiscal year ending January 31, 2023 experienced inventory levels that were unusually high due to supply chain challenges throughout the industry during fiscal 2023. This resulted in a reduction to our inventories as of October 31, 2023 as reflected in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Cash from Investing Activities We used 117.6 million of cash in investing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024, primarily as a result of our 84.8 million investment in AWWG. We also had 31.8 million in capital expenditures primarily related to information technology expenditures and fixturing costs at department stores. Cash from Financing Activities Net cash used by financing activities was 267.5 million during nine months ended October 31, 2024 primarily as a result of 400 million of cash used to redeem the entire principal amount of the Notes, 60.0 million of cash used to repurchase 2,209,832 shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program, excluding excise tax, and 7.5 million for taxes paid in connection with net share settlements of stock grants that vested. These items were offset, in part, by net proceeds of 210.1 million under our revolving credit facility. Critical Accounting Policies Our discussion of results of operations and financial condition relies on our consolidated financial statements that are prepared based on certain critical accounting policies that require management to make judgments and estimates that are subject to varying degrees of uncertainty. We believe that investors need to be aware of these policies and how they impact our financial statements as a whole, as well as our related discussion and analysis presented herein. While we believe that these accounting policies are based on sound measurement criteria, actual future events can, and often do, result in outcomes that can be materially different from these estimates or forecasts. The accounting policies and related estimates described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024 are those that depend most heavily on these judgments and estimates. As of October 31, 2024, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. There are no material changes to the disclosure made with respect to these matters in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed only to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures will meet their objectives. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because of a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, were not effective in making known to them material information relating to G-III required to be included in this report. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual and interim financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis. Within the KLH subsidiary, which represents approximately 7.8 of the total net sales of the Company for the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the Company identified a material weakness in the operating effectiveness of controls related to information technology general controls (ITGCs) over business applications that support the Company s financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed ineffective because they rely upon information and configurations from the affected IT systems. We concluded that the material weakness did not result in any material misstatements in our financial statements or disclosures in the current year. Based on additional procedures and post-closing review, management concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Remediation Measures Management, with oversight from the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, has begun remedial actions and is developing a full plan designed to remediate these deficiencies. This plan may include, among other items, additional risk assessment procedures over information technology, enhancements to controls, and additional training related to the operational effectiveness of control procedures. These deficiencies will not be considered remediated until the remediation plan is complete, and controls have been operational for a sufficient period of time and successfully tested. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors contained in Item 1A.-Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2024 (the Annual Report ), which could materially affect our business, financial condition and/or future results. As of October 31, 2024, there have been no material changes in our risk factors from those set forth in the Annual Report. The risks described in the Annual Report are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or future results. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended October 31, 2024, director or officer of the Company adopted or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or n-Rule 10b5-1 trading , as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 

3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, dated November 3, 1989). 3.1(a) Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q, dated September 13, 2006). 3.1(b) Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 7, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, dated June 9, 2011). 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 30, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, dated July 1, 2015). 3.2 By-Laws, as amended, of G-III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, dated March 15, 2013). 31.1 Certification by Morris Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024. 31.2 Certification by Neal S. Nackman, Chief Financial Officer of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd., pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024. 32.1 Certification by Morris Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024. 32.2 Certification by Neal S. Nackman, Chief Financial Officer of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd., pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith. This certification is deemed furnished, and not filed, for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD. (Registrant) Date: December 10, 2024 By: /s/ Morris Goldfarb Morris Goldfarb Chief Executive Officer Date: December 10, 2024 By: /s/ Neal S. Nackman Neal S. Nackman Chief Financial Officer 

 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 giii-20241031xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a - 14(a) OR RULE 15d - 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Morris Goldfarb, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 10, 2024 

/s/ Morris Goldfarb Morris Goldfarb Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 giii-20241031xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a - 14(a) OR RULE 15d - 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Neal S. Nackman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 10, 2024 

/s/ Neal S. Nackman Neal S. Nackman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 giii-20241031xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Morris Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to my knowledge, (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Morris Goldfarb Morris Goldfarb Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: December 10, 2024 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 giii-20241031xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Neal S. Nackman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to my knowledge, (a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Neal S. Nackman Neal S. Nackman Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: December 10, 2024 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 giii-20241031.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 giii-20241031_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 giii-20241031_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 giii-20241031_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

