<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1756180_0001683168-24-008760.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6234197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134404</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1238268</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1536932</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1479544</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1688652</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008760.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216170022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008760
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOCERA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001756180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - LIVESTOCK & ANIMAL SPECIALTIES [0200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				161626611
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41434
		FILM NUMBER:		241552617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD., SE, SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(404) 816-8240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD., SE, SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008760.txt : 20241216

10-Q/A
 1
 nocera_i10qa1-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEP 2024 AMENDMENT 1

NOCERA, INC. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

 Amendment No. 1 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______ TO ___________ 

COMMISSION FILE NO.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , , , (R.O.C.) 

 (Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

)- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which 
registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , small reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes No 

There were 
shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, as of November 14, 2024. 

Explanatory Note 

Nocera, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
is filing this Amendment (the Amendment to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2024, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on November 14, 2024 (the Original
Filing ), to amend and update certain disclosures in response to comments from the SEC and to provide additional clarity in
the Company s financial statements and related notes. 

In accordance with the applicable SEC rules,
this Amendment includes new certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
from our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer. 

Except as described above, this Form 10-Q/A
does not amend, update or change any other items or disclosures contained in the Original Filing, and accordingly, this Form 10-Q/A does
not reflect or purport to reflect any information or events occurring after the original filing date of the Original Filing or modify
or update those disclosures affected by subsequent events. Accordingly, this Form 10-Q/A should be read in conjunction with the Original
Filing and the Company s other filings with the SEC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 

ITEM 1. 
 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 5 

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 (AUDITED) 
 5 

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE NINE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED), FOR THE THREE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 
 6 

INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 
 7 

INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE NINE MONTHS PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) 
 8 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 44 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 44 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 46 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 46 
 
 ITEM 2 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 46 
 
 ITEM 3 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 5 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 
 
 ITEM 6 
 EXHIBITS 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

3 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements
discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, should, 
 would, may, seek, plan, might, will, expect, 
 anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, and continue 
or the negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various
underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement
to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You are
cautioned to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. 

We cannot predict all the risks and uncertainties
that may impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly, the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements will occur or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved, and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and include information concerning possible or projected future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets, strategies or plans; business strategies; prospects; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management;
any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results;
and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to a variety of factors and risks, including,
but not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 1, 2024. 

Many of those risks and factors are outside of
our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements.
Considering these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might
occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements
concerning other matters addressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

4 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOCERA, INC. 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Stated in US Dollars except for Number of Shares) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Advance to suppliers 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 

Total current assets 

Investment 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets - customer relations 

Goodwill 

Other non-current asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Advance receipts 

Due to related parties 

Warrant liability 

Long-term secured other borrowing current portion 

Dividend payable 

Income tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Long-term secured other borrowing 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 20) 

Equity 

Common stock par value; authorized shares; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Preferred stock par value; authorized shares; Series A Preferred Stock, authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital (1) 

Statutory and other reserves 

Accumulated losses 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Nocera, Inc. s stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements which are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

NOCERA, INC. 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Stated in US Dollars except for Number of Shares) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to the company 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Total comprehensive loss 

Less: comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

Loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements which are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

6 

NOCERA, INC. 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS 

 (Stated in US Dollars except for Number of Shares) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expenses 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Gain on fair value change of financial assets held for trading 

Consultancy services settled by equities 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Advance receipts 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL 

Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL 

Cash acquired from acquisition of subsidiaries 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of short-term bank loan 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest expenses 

Cash paid for Income taxes 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements which are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

7 

NOCERA, INC. 

 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Stated in US Dollars except Number of Shares) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Statutory and other 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Nocera Inc. s Stockholders 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Stockholders 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Reserves 
 Losses 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, as of January 1, 2023 

Foreign currency translation Adjustments 

Share-based compensation 

Consultancy services settled by equities 

Net loss 

Balance, as of March 31, 2023 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, as of June 30, 2023 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Share-based compensation 

Common stock issuance 

Net loss 

Balance, as of September 30, 2023 

Balance, as of January 1, 2024 

Foreign currency translation Adjustments 

Common stock issuance 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, as of March 31, 2024 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Common stock issuance 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, as of June 30, 2024 

Foreign currency translation Adjustments 

Common stock issuance 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, as of Sept 30, 2024 

See notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements which are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

8 

NOCERA, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(UNAUDITED) 

The VIE Agreements with XFC 

On December 31, 2020, we exchanged (post-split)
shares of our restricted common stock to stockholders of Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a Taiwan limited liability company XFC ),
in exchange for 100 controlling interest in XFC. We also entered into contractual arrangements with a stockholder of XFC, that enabled
us to have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affects the economic performance of XFC and receive the economic
benefits of XFC that could be significant to XFC. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase of Business Agreement with Han-Chieh
Shih (the Purchaser ), in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash price
of (the XFC Sale ). The closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC variable interest entity VIE agreements were terminated in connection with the XFC Sale. 

The VIE Agreements with Meixin 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series
of contractual agreements (collectively, the Meixin VIE Agreements with the majority stockholder (the Selling Stockholder of Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation and a food processing and catering company Meixin ),
and Meixin, of which we purchased controlling interest of Meixin for . The Meixin VIE Agreements essentially confer control
and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic benefits of the Selling Stockholder in Meixin to us. 

The VIE Agreements with Xinca 

On January 31, 2024, we entered into a Variable
Interest Entity Purchase Agreement Xinca Purchase Agreement with Zhejiang Xinca Mutual Entertainment Culture Media Co.,
Ltd. Xinca ), a domestic funded limited liability company registered in China (P.R.C). The Xinca Purchase Agreement was
entered into by our wholly-owned subsidiary and foreign enterprise, Shanghai Nocera Culture Co., Ltd. WFOE ), through a
series of contractual agreements VIE Agreements ), in which we exchanged shares of our restricted common stock
for a controlling interest in Xinca. As a result, the Company has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of Xinca and Xinca
became a variable interest entity VIE of the Company. 

The VIE Agreements with SY Culture 

On April 14, 2024, we entered into a Variable
Interest Entity Purchase Agreement with Hangzhou SY Culture Media Co. Ltd. SY Culture ),
a domestic funded limited liability company registered in China (P.R.C). The SY Culture Purchase Agreement was entered into by our wholly-owned
subsidiary and foreign enterprise, Gui Zhou Grand Smooth Technology Ltd. WFOE ), through a series of contractual agreements VIE Agreements ), in which we exchanged shares of our restricted common stock for a controlling interest in
SY Culture. As a result, the Company has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of SY Culture and SY Culture became a variable
interest entity VIE of the Company. 

of
the Company s total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were seven customers who represent of the Company s
total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

The following table sets forth a summary of single
customers who represent 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable, net: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

The Company recognizes revenue when (or as) the
Company satisfies performance obligations by transferring promised goods or services to its customers. Revenue is measured at the transaction
price which is based on the amount of consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring the promised goods
or services to its customers. Contracts with customers are comprised of invoices and written contracts. 

The Company does not have arrangements for returns
from customers. The Company has no sales incentive programs. 

The Company provides goods, maintenance service
warranties for goods sold with a period varying from 18 months to 72 months, a majority of which are 18 months, and an exclusive sales
agency license to its customers. For performance obligations related to providing products, the Company expects to recognize the revenue
according to the delivery of products. For performance obligation related to maintenance service warranties, the Company expects to recognize
the revenue on a ratable basis using a time-based output method. The performance obligations are typically satisfied as services are rendered
on a straight-line basis over the contract term, which is generally for 18 months as a majority of the maintenance service warranties
periods provided are 18 months. For performance obligation related to exclusive agency license, the Company recognizes the revenue ratably
upon the satisfaction over the estimated economic life of the license. 

The Company does not have amounts of contract
assets since revenue is recognized as control of goods is transferred. The contract liabilities consist of advance payments from customers
and deferred revenue. Advance payments from customers are expected to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. Deferred revenue is expected
to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. 

Less: Allowance for doubtful 

Total 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded provision for doubtful accounts of nil . 

Total 

Inventory balances as of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023,
were and , respectively. Inventory balances include fish products and catering business raw materials. 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net 

Other receivables as of September 30, 2024
and 2023 were and ,
respectively. Other receivables include
e-commerce live stream receivables for goods and e-commerce sales deposit. 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively, and and for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Total 

Current 

Non-Current 

Total 

Net gain of was recognized under changes
in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the period
ended September 30, 2024. 

Goodwill - Xinca 

Goodwill SY Culture 

Less: Impairment 

Goodwill, net 

Customer relations 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Customer relations, net 

Prepaid Rent Expense 

Deferred Expenses 

Total other non-current assets 

The prepaid rent expenses are leases, rent, equipment,
and fees and deferred expenses include e-commerce live streamer contracts service expenses. 

The prepaid rent expenses pertain to our offices
located in Hangzhou, China, which serve our e-commerce business operations. The expense covers monthly rent totaling and annual
property fees of , for the period from January 31, 2024 to January 31, 2025. The facilities include live-streaming offices and a warehouse
utilized for product sales that support our product sales activities. 

Total secured loan wholly repayable within 1 year 

Secured loan from Chailease Finance Co., Ltd wholly repayable more than 1 year 

Total 

The loan has been repaid in full. 

shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
of 2.50 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of inception. The Class D warrants consist of the right to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 5.00 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of inception.
The subscription was completed on August 10, 2021. 

On September 27, 2021, the Company entered into
another securities purchase agreement with the same investors, pursuant to which the Company issued in a registered direct offering, an
aggregate of 48,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a per share purchase price of 2.50. In addition, the investors also received
one Class C warrant and one Class D warrant for the subscription of each preferred share. The Class C warrants consist of the right to
purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share exercisable for 36 months from
the date of inception. The Class D warrants consist of the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of 5.00 per share exercisable for 36 months from the date of inception. 

Public Offering 

In connection with a firm commitment underwritten
public offering (the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, amended (File No. 333-264059), originally
filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022, and declared effective by the SEC on August 10, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of 
units (the Units ). Each Unit consisted of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase two shares of common stock.
Each warrant underlying the Units was exercisable from the date of issuance until the fifth anniversary of the issuance date for 3.85
per share of Common Stock (110 of the public offering price per Unit), subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits,
stock combinations, reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the common stock as described in the warrants. The
Public Offering closed on August 15, 2022, and the Company received total gross proceeds of million. After deducting the underwriting
commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million. 

In connection with the Public Offering and pursuant
to the underwriting agreement between us and the underwriters named therein, we granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up
to 282,000 additional shares of common stock and warrants, equivalent to 15 of the Units sold in the Public Offering, at the public offering
price per Unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 23, 2022, the underwriters
exercised their option to purchase an additional warrants from us for gross proceeds of . The warrants were issued to the
underwriters on September 26, 2022. 

On November 14, 2022, the exercise price of the
warrants was decreased to 1.925. Under the terms of the warrants, the exercise price was to be decreased to the greater of (i) 1.925,
which represented 50 of the original exercise price; and (ii) 100 of the last volume weighted average price immediately preceding the
90 th calendar day following the initial issuance date (the Reset Exercise Price if, on the date that is 90 calendar
days immediately following the initial issuance date, the Reset Exercise Price is less than the original 3.85 exercise price on that
date. 

The Reset Exercise Price remains subject to adjustment
in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications, reorganizations or similar events affecting the
Common Stock as described in the Warrants. 

Reverse Split 

In connection with the Public Offering, on August
11, 2022, the Company effected a for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of reverse
stock split, the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Class C warrant decreased from 80,000 shares to shares
for per share and Class D warrant decreased from 80,000 shares to shares for per share. 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Appraisal Date (Inception Date) 
 C Warrant September 27, 2021 
 D Warrant September 27, 2021 

(Unaudited) 
 (Unaudited) 

Market price per share (USD/share) 

Exercise price (USD/price) 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term/ Contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

The following is a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balances of warrants liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs: 

Warrants issued to investors 

Warrants redeemed 

Fair value change of warrants included in earnings 

Total 

The following is a summary of the warrant activity: 

Exercisable at January 1, 2024 

Granted 

Exercised / surrendered 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Total net lease costs 

Maturity of lease liabilities under our non-cancelable operating leases
as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 are nil . 

Others 

Total 

to on April 1, 2019 of the gross sales
proceeds received, less any deductible VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayers. 

Taiwan 

Pursuant to the Value-added and Non-value-added
Business Tax Act and the related implementing rules, all entities and individuals taxpayers that are engaged in the sale
of products in the Taiwan are generally required to pay VAT, at a rate of . 

2) Income tax 

United States 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(the Tax Act was signed into legislation. The Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other
things, lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 34 to 21 , imposing a mandatory one-time tax on accumulated earnings of foreign
subsidiaries, introducing new tax regimes, and changing how foreign earnings are subject to U.S. tax. 

On December 22, 2017, Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 118 SAB 118 was issued to provide guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement
period that should not extend beyond one year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740.
The Company has completed the assessment of the income tax effect of the Tax Act and there were no adjustments recorded to the provisional
amounts. 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economy Security
Act (the CARES Act was signed into law on 27 March 2020. The CARES Act temporarily eliminates the 80 taxable income limitation
(as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax years and reinstated NOL carrybacks for the
2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest deduction limitations from 30 to 50 of
adjusted taxable income for the 2019 and 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies qualified improvement
property as 15-year recovery period, allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively as if it
was included in the Tax Act at the time of enactment. The Company does not anticipate a significant tax impact on its financial statements
and will continue to examine the impact the CARES Act may have on its business. 

The Company evaluated the Global Intangible Low
Taxed Income GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits of greater than 10 owned foreign controlled corporations.
The Company has evaluated whether it has additional provision amount resulted by the GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits of
its foreign controlled corporations. The law also provides that corporate taxpayers may benefit from a 50 reduction in the GILTI inclusion,
which effectively reduces the 21 U.S. corporate tax rate on the foreign income to an effective rate of . The GILTI inclusion further
provides for a foreign tax credit in connection with the foreign taxes paid. In 2019, the Company recorded a GILTI inclusion of .
The Company has elected to treat the financial statement impact of GILTI as current period expenses. 

The reverse merger was completed on December 31,
2018 and the tax losses of US subsidiary was not in the scope as of December 31, 2018. As of December 31, 2019, net operating loss carried
forward which was available to offset future taxable income for the Company in the United States was . There is a full valuation
allowance applied against these loss carry forward as management determined it was not more likely than not that these net operating losses
would be utilized in the foreseeable future. 

Hong Kong 

The HK tax reform has introduced two-tiered profits
tax rates for corporations. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the profits tax rate for the first HK 2 million (approximately
 257,931) of assessable profits will be lowered to 8.25 (half of the rate specified in Schedule 8 to the Inland Revenue Ordinance (IRO))
for corporations. Assessable profits above HK 2 million (approximately 257,931) will continue to be subject to the rate of 16.5 for
corporations. The Company assessed that the HK entity will not earn a profit greater than HK 2 million (approximately 257,931), it is
subject to a corporate income tax rate of 8.25 . 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary
in Hong Kong had net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future taxable income. The net operating losses will be carryforward
indefinitely under Hong Kong Profits Tax regulation. There is a full valuation allowance applied against these loss carry forward as management
determined it was not more likely than not that these net operating losses would be utilized in the foreseeable future. 

PRC 

WFOE and the consolidated VIE established in the
PRC are subject to the PRC statutory income tax rate of , according to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax EIT law. 

In accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations
of the PRC, a company registered in the PRC is subject to income taxes within the PRC at the applicable tax rate on taxable income. All
the PRC subsidiaries were subject to income tax at a rate of 25 for the year ended December 31, 2022. According to PRC tax regulations,
the PRC net operating loss can generally carry forward for no longer than five years starting from the year subsequent to the year in
which the loss was incurred. 

Taiwan 

The Company s loss
before income taxes is primarily derived from the operations in Taiwan and income tax expense is primarily incurred in Taiwan. 

As a result of amendments
to the Taiwan Income Tax Act enacted by the Office of the President of Taiwan on February 7, 2018, the statutory income
tax rate increased from 17 to 20 and the undistributed earning tax, or a surtax, decreased from 10 to 5 effective from January 1,
2018. As a result, the statutory income tax rate in Taiwan is 20 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. An additional surtax,
of which rate was reduced from 10 to 5 being applied to the Company starting from September 1, 2018, is assessed on undistributed income
for the entities in Taiwan, but only to the extent such income is not distributed or set aside as a legal reserve before the end of the
following year. The 5 surtax is recorded in the period the income is earned, and the reduction in the surtax liability is recognized
in the period the distribution to stockholders or the setting aside of legal reserve is finalized in the following year. 

The components of the income tax expense are: 

Deferred 

Total income tax expense 

The reconciliation of income taxes expenses computed
at the Taiwan statutory tax rate (2021: at PRC statutory rate) applicable to income tax expense is as follows: 

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 

Tax effect of stock-based compensation 

Tax effect of non-taxable income 

Impact of different tax rates in other jurisdictions 

Others 

Changes in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

3) Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net 

The tax effects of temporary differences representing
deferred income tax assets and liabilities result principally from the following: 

Allowance for doubtful receivables 

Total deferred tax assets 

Reversal of deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property and equipment, difference in depreciation 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

The valuation allowance as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 was primarily provided for the deferred income tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will expire
before the Company is able to realize its benefits, or that the future deductibility is uncertain. The ultimate realization of deferred
income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible or utilizable. Management considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
The movement for the valuation allowance is as follows. 

Additions of valuation allowance 

Reductions of valuation allowance 

Balance at the end of the year 

PRC Withholding Tax on Dividends 

The current PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law imposes
a 10 withholding income tax for dividends distributed by foreign-invested enterprises to their immediate holding companies outside the
PRC. A lower withholding tax rate will be applied if there is a tax treaty arrangement between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign
holding company. Distributions to holding companies in Hong Kong that satisfy certain requirements specified by PRC tax authorities, for
example, will be subject to a 5 withholding tax rate. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded
any withholding tax on the retained earnings of its foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC, since the Company had intended to reinvest
its earnings to potentially continue its business in mainland China, namely the manufacturing of the RASs through GZ GST, and its foreign-invested
enterprises do not intend to declare dividends to their immediate foreign holding companies. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
recorded any withholding tax on the retained earnings of its foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC, and the Company decided not to reinvest
its earnings since it is not continuing its business in mainland China, and its foreign-invested enterprises do not intend to declare
dividends to their immediate foreign holding companies. 

Mountain Share Transfer, LLC (1) 

Total 

Sales 

The balance of sales with a related party was
as following: 

Related Party Categories 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 

Grand Smooth Corporation Limited (2) 
 Same director 

Total 

The sales prices and payment terms to related
parties were not significantly different from those of sales to third parties. For other related party transactions, price and terms were
determined in accordance with mutual agreements. 

Note: 

(1) 

(2) 

shares with par value of each. On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a for each
share of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of reverse stock split, the Company s common stock issued and outstanding
decreased from shares to shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the
stock split on August 11, 2022. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, issued common stock were shares and ,
respectively. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company s common
stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NCRA on a post-reverse stock split basis. During the
public offering, common stocks, at par value 0.001 each, were issued at the offering price 3.5 each. The Company received
total gross proceeds of million from the public offering and after deducting the underwriting commissions, discounts and offering
expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million. 

All number of shares, share amounts and per share
data presented in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated to reflect
the reverse merger transaction and subsequent issuance of shares stated above, except for authorized shares of common stock, which were
not affected. 

Series A warrants for 20 quarters (i.e., 5 years) for a total of Series A warrants
with an exercise price of per share, subject to continued employment for services as Chairman of the Board of Directors Board and a Director. 

On June 1, 2020, Nocera granted Mr. Shun-Chih
Chuang and Mr. Hsien-Wen Yu Class A warrants and Class A warrants separately, each with an exercise price of per share,
for serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively. The Company also granted 2 employees
 Class A warrants with an exercise price of per share. The Class A warrants consist of the right to purchase one share of
Company common stock for 0.50 per share from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. 

On June 1, 2020, Nocera granted Mr. Michael A.
Littman Class A warrants with an exercise price of per share and Class B warrants with exercise price of per
share. Mr. Littman exercised Class A warrants and Class B warrants on August 11, 2021. The Class A warrants consist of the
right to purchase one share of Company common stock for 0.50 per share from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. The Class B warrants
consist of the right to purchase one share of common stock for 1.00 per share separately from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. 

On December 1, 2021, Nocera granted Mr. Shun-Chih
Chuang and Mr. Hsien-Wen Yu Class A warrants and Class A warrants separately, each with an exercise price of per share,
for serving as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, respectively. The Company also granted 2 employees
 Class A warrant with an exercise price of per share. The Class A warrants consist of the right to purchase one share of Company
common stock for 0.50 per share from the date of issuance until April 23, 2026. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of common stock to Mr. Shun-Chih Chuang and a total of five consultants in consideration for services rendered. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a 2:3
reverse stock split for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. The result of reverse stock split over the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the following outstanding securities as of September 30, 2022 is listed below: 

Class A Warrants 

Class B Warrants 

Class C Warrants 

Class D Warrants 

2018 Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan 

Total reverse stock split 

On December 22, 2022, the Company issued 
and shares of common stock to Chen-Chun Chung and TraDigital respectively in consideration for services rendered. 

On March 22, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to Hanover International, Inc. respectively in consideration for services rendered. 

On July 31, 2023, Nocera granted Mr. Andy Chin-An
Jin restricted shares of common stock, of which vests at the end of every three month period after July 31, 2023 in equal installments
over the period of one year, subject to the employment for services as Chief Executive Officer. On December 5, 2023, the Company issued
 shares of our common stock to our Chief Executive Officer, Andy Chin-An Jin. 

On October 11, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to Mr. Nick Chang in consideration of service rendered as a consultant for three years. 

The estimated fair value of share-based compensation
for employees is recognized as a charge against income on a ratable basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting
period of the award. The fair value of stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
under the following assumptions: 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

The Company estimated the grant date fair value
of time-based stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which requires assumptions involving an estimate of
the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant, the expected term of the options, volatility, discount rate and dividend
yield. The Company calculated expected option terms based on the simplified method for plain vanilla options
due to the limited exercise information. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the vesting
term and the original contractual term of the options. The Company calculated volatility using the average adjusted volatility of quick
companies feature of Capital IQ for a period of time reflective of the expected option term, while the discount rate was estimated using
the interest rate for a treasury note with the same contractual term as the options granted. Dividend yield is estimated at our current
dividend rate, which adjusts for any known future changes in the rate. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
year ended December 31, 2023, and share-based compensation expenses was recognized into additional paid-in capital of
the Company, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, total
unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards was .
This amount is expected to be recognized as stock-based compensation expense in the Company s consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income over the remaining vesting period. 

shares
of preferred shares of each at an issue price of per share to certain investors credited as fully paid. The preferred shares
are non-voting and non-redeemable. The holder of the preferred shares will have priority over the holders of ordinary shares of the Company
on the assets and funds of the Company available for distribution in a distribution of assets on liquidation, winding up or dissolution
of the Company. The holder of the preferred shares shall not have the right to attend or vote at any general meeting of the Company (except
a general meeting for winding up of the Company or a resolution is to be proposed which if passed would vary or abrogate the rights or
privileges of such holder). 

On August 11, 2022, the Company effected a for each share of common stock issued and outstanding. As a result of reverse stock split, the shares of common stock
issuable upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock decreased from 80,000 shares to 53,334 shares. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

- Basic 

- Diluted 

Loss per share: 

- Basic 

- Diluted 

Total 

Other receivables 

Prepaid rent expense 

Goodwill 

Plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation 

Advanced from customers 

Long-term secured bank loan 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Net assets value 

Purchases price 

Hangzhou SY Culture Media Co. Ltd. 

On April 14, 2024, the Company acquired 100 shares
of SY Culture. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows: 

Cash and bank balance 

Other receivables 

Advance to supplier 

Investment 

Other payables and accrued liabilities 

Net assets value 

Purchases price 

26 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF OPERATING AND FINANCIAL RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). In addition, our unaudited consolidated financial
statements and the financial data included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q reflect our reorganization and have been prepared as
if our current corporate structure had been in place throughout the relevant periods. Actual results could differ materially from those
projected in the forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties, please see
the items listed under the section captioned Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements herein and
the section captioned Risk Factors as well as any other cautionary language contained in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Operations Overview 

As of December 31, 2019, we provide land-based
recirculation aquaculture systems for fish farming. Our primary business operations consist of the design, development and production
of RASs large scale fish tank systems, for fish farms along with expert consulting, technology transfer and aquaculture project management
services to new and existing aquaculture management business services. Through our branch office, we also procure and sell eel in Taiwan.
In addition, as of December 2022, we sell food items, including our signature seafood porridge bowl, through our flagship bento box store
located at the Ning Xia Night Market in the Datong District of Taipei City, Taiwan. 

In October 2020, the government of Taiwan began
supporting the Green Power and Solar Sharing Fish Farms initiative. In view of the opportunities resulting from this initiative, in October
2020, Nocera ceased all of its operations in China and moved all of its technology and back-office operations to Taiwan. We now only operate
out of Taiwan. 

Our current mission is to provide consulting services
and solutions in aquaculture projects to reduce water pollution and decrease the disease problems of fisheries. Our goal is to become
a global leader in the land-based aquaculture business. We are now poised to grow our existing operations in Taiwan and expand into the
development and management of land-based fish farms in Taiwan and North and South America. We do not currently have any intentions of
conducting operations in China or Hong Kong. 

Effective December 31, 2020, we entered into a
series of contractual agreements with Xin Feng Construction Co., Ltd., a funded limited liability company registered in Taiwan (R.O.C.),
whereby we agreed to provide technical consulting and related services to XFC. On November 30, 2022, we entered into a Purchase of Business
Agreement with Han-Chieh Shih, in which we sold our controlling interest of XFC, to the Purchaser for a total purchase cash price of 300,000.
The closing of the XFC Sale occurred on November 30, 2022 and the XFC VIE agreements were terminated in connection with the XFC Sale.
As of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no intention of providing services to construct indoor RASs and solar
sharing fish farms in Taiwan. 

As of September 30, 2021, we launched our first
RAS demo site in Taiwan and engaged the demo site into the testing phase to raise eel. Currently, we are promoting our RASs in Taiwan
and looking for opportunities to cooperate with local solar energy industry and to expand our business into the U.S. We believe the U.S.
is a potentially lucrative market to penetrate. 

On September 7, 2022, we entered into a series
of contractual agreements with the majority stockholder of Meixin Institutional Food Development Co., Ltd., a Taiwan corporation and a
food processing and catering company, and Meixin, of which we purchased 80 controlling interest of Meixin for 4,300,000. The Meixin
VIE Agreements essentially confer control and management of Meixin as well as substantially all of the economic benefits of the Selling
Stockholder in Meixin to us. As a result, we have been determined to be the primary beneficiary of Meixin and Meixin became our VIE. 

27 

On June 1, 2023, Gui Zhou Grand Smooth Technology
Ltd. GZ GST ), one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated as of June
1, 2023, as amended, with Zhe Jiang Xin Shui Hu Digital Information, Ltd. Zhe Jiang ), pursuant to which GZ GST acquired
all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of Zhe Jiang from the stockholders of Zhe Jiang (the Zhe Jiang Acquisition in exchange for the issuance of 1,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share. During the initial transaction process
and our performing due diligence for the closing, we observed that time constraints have led to certain complexities and challenges in
consummating the Acquisition within the originally planned timeframe. We are actively working with Zhe Jiang to resolve such complexities
and challenges and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K if and when the Zhe Jiang Acquisition is consummated. 

On January 31, 2024, we entered into a Variable
Interest Entity Purchase Agreement Xinca Purchase Agreement with Zhejiang Xinca Mutual Entertainment Culture Media Co.,
Ltd., a domestic funded limited liability company registered in China (P.R.C). The Xinca Purchase Agreement was entered into by our wholly-owned
subsidiary and foreign enterprise, Shanghai Nocera Culture Co., Ltd. WFOE ), through a series of contractual agreements VIE Agreements ), in which we exchanged 1,800,000 shares of our restricted common stock for a 100 controlling interest
in Xinca. As a result, the Company has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of Xinca and Xinca became a variable interest entity VIE of the Company. 

On April 14, 2024, we entered into a Variable
Interest Entity Purchase Agreement with Hangzhou SY Culture Media Co. Ltd. SY Culture ), a domestic funded limited liability
company registered in China (P.R.C). The SY Culture Purchase Agreement was entered into by our wholly-owned subsidiary and foreign enterprise,
Gui Zhou Grand Smooth Technology Ltd. WFOE ), through a series of contractual agreements VIE Agreements ),
in which we exchanged 600,000 shares of our restricted common stock for a 100 controlling interest in SY Culture. As a result, the Company
has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of SY Culture and SY Culture became a variable interest entity VIE of
the Company. 

We employ a sales and marketing strategy targeting
Taiwan government-supported solar fish farms. We are planning on expanding our sales and marketing model through the use of online marketing,
data intelligence, and the establishment of a distributor network. The online marketing and data intelligence is designed to generate
sales leads internationally outside of Taiwan that can be directed to our sales department for further follow-up. 

We plan to sell and develop fish farms in Taiwan,
the U.S. and Brazil. We expect to sell over five thousand tanks in the next five years. Our production facility is to be established in
Taiwan, and we plan to sell the systems into the Americas and European countries as well. 

We also intend to expend the fish farming demo
sites in Taiwan by adding 20 units of RAS eel farming equipment with outsourcing construction services and build the catfish farm in the
U.S. by the end of 2024 to promote our fish farming systems to the global market. We are expecting more customers from various countries
actively inquiring about our equipment. As of February 16, 2023, we completed the acquisition of 229 acres of land in Montgomery County,
Alabama, of which we intend to build RASs on that land for fish farming. As of September 30, 2024, we are still ensuring all requirements
and evaluations are being thoroughly addressed prior to constructing any RASs on the Alabama land. Simultaneously, the design of the RAS
equipment is underway, progressing in alignment with the project s timeline. Both aspects are being managed concurrently to maintain
project efficiency and coherence. We plan to enhance market penetration through the establishment of our own fish farms and diversify
revenue streams through various sales channels. 

Key Factors Affecting our Performance 

As a result of a number of factors, our historical
results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods, and our results of operations may not be directly
comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting our results of operations. 

28 

Known Trends and Uncertainties 

Inflation 

Prices of certain commodity products, including
raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and
demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, trade restrictions and tariffs. Increasing prices in the
component materials for our goods may impact the availability, the quality and the price of our products, as suppliers search for alternatives
to existing materials and increase the prices they charge. Our suppliers may also fail to provide consistent quality of product as they
may substitute lower cost materials to maintain pricing levels. Nocera s cost base also reflects significant elements for freight,
including fuel, which significantly increased due to the effects of coronavirus (COVID-19), Russia s illegal military invasion of
Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices such as fuel and plastic may negatively
affect our profit margins if Nocera is unable to mitigate any inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost
reduction initiatives. 

Geopolitical Conditions 

Our operations could be disrupted by geopolitical
conditions, trade disputes, international boycotts and sanctions, political and social instability, acts of war, terrorist activity or
other similar events. From time to time, we could have a large revenue stream associated with a particular customer or a large number
of customers located in a particular geographic region. Decreased demand from a discrete event impacting a specific customer, industry,
or region in which we have a concentrated exposure could negatively impact our results of operations. 

In February 2022, Russia initiated significant
military action against Ukraine. Russia s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s actions, and
the potential for wider conflict may increase financial market volatility and could have adverse effects on regional and global economic
markets, including the markets for certain securities and commodities. Following Russia s actions, various countries, including
the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany and France, as well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions
against Russia. The sanctions consist of the prohibition of trading in certain Russian securities and engaging in certain private transactions,
the prohibition of doing business with certain Russian corporate entities, large financial institutions, officials and persons and the
freezing of Russian assets. The sanctions include a possible commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected
Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, commonly called SWIFT, the electronic
network that connects banks globally, and imposed restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact
of the sanctions. A number of large corporations and U.S. states have also announced plans to curtail business dealings with certain Russian
businesses. 

The imposition of the current sanctions (and potential
imposition of further sanctions in response to continued Russian military activity) and other actions undertaken by countries and businesses
may adversely impact various sectors of the Russian economy, and the military action has severe impacts on the Ukrainian economy, including
its exports and food production. The duration of ongoing hostilities and corresponding sanctions and related events cannot be predicted
and may result in a negative impact on the markets and thereby may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of
operation. 

In addition, while we do not have any direct operations
or significant sales in the Middle East, geopolitical tensions and ongoing conflicts in the region, particularly between Israel and Hamas,
may lead to global economic instability and fluctuating energy prices that could materially affect our business. It is not possible to
predict the broader consequences of the Israel-Hamas war, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and actions taken
by other countries in respect thereof, which could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies
and the global economy. While it is difficult to predict the impact of any of the foregoing, the Israel-Hamas war may increase our costs,
disrupt our supply chain, reduce our sales and earnings, impair our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms,
if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

29 

Foreign Currency 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar and
our operations in Taiwan use their local currency as their functional currencies. Substantially all of our revenue and expenses are in
NT dollars. We are subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations with respect to any of such currency. For example, the value of
the NT dollar depends to a large extent on Taiwan government policies and Taiwan s domestic and international economic and political
developments, as well as supply and demand in the local market. 

The income statements of our operations are translated
into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for
our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements of our
foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. 

Effects of COVID-19 

COVID-19 has globally resulted in the loss of
life, business closures, restrictions on travel and widespread cancellation of social gatherings. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts
our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time, including: 

new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease; 

the duration and spread of any future COVID-19 outbreaks; 

the severity of travel restrictions imposed by geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures, if any; 

regulatory actions taken in response to any future COVID-19 outbreaks which may impact merchant operations, consumer and merchant pricing, and our product offerings; 

other business disruptions that affect our workforce; 

the impact on capital and financial markets; and 

actions taken throughout the world, including in markets in which we operate, to contain any future COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact. 

In addition, any future outbreak of COVID-19 may
result in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and financial markets, and similar public health threats
could do so in the future. 

Since 2021, substantially all our revenues are
concentrated in Taiwan pending expansion into other international markets. Consequently, our results of operations will likely be adversely
materially affected to the extent that any COVID-19 outbreak or any epidemic harms Taiwan s economy and society and the global economy
in general. Any potential impact to our results will depend on to a large extent, future developments and new information that may emerge
regarding the duration and severity of any future COVID-19 outbreak and the actions taken by government authorities and other entities
to contain any future COVID-19 outbreak or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. If the disruptions posed by any
future COVID-19 outbreak or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, the operations of our business may
be materially adversely affected. 

To the extent any future COVID-19 outbreak or
a similar public health threat has an impact on our business, it is likely to also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks
described in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 initially filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. 

30 

Seasonality 

Since the global growing demand for aquaculture
production along with the decreasing production from wild fisheries, our fish farming systems provide a controlled and traceable environment
for fish species, and therefore our business rarely suffers a seasonal impact. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions 

We prepare our financial statements in conformity
with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the financial reporting period. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information,
our own historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use
of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our
accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We consider the policies discussed below to be
critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

The SEC defines critical accounting policies as
those that are, in management s view, most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and those
that require significant judgments and estimates. 

The accounting principles we utilized in preparing
our consolidated financial statements conform in all material respects to GAAP. 

Reclassification 

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified
to conform with current year presentation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, the allowance for doubtful
receivables; the useful lives of property and equipment and intangible assets; impairment of long-lived assets; recoverability of the
carrying amount of inventory; fair value of financial instruments; provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates for certain income
tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act and the assessment of deferred tax assets or liabilities. These estimates
are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

31 

Financial Assets 

The classification of financial assets depends
on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition. Regular way purchases or sales
of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date or settlement date basis for which financial assets were classified
in the same way, respectively. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets
within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. 

a) 
 Category of financial assets and measurement 

Financial assets are classified into
the following categories: financial assets at FVTPL, investments in debt instruments and equity instruments at FVTOCI, and financial assets
at amortized cost. 

1) 
 Financial asset at FVTPL 

For certain financial assets which include debt instruments that do not meet the criteria of amortized cost or FVTOCI, it is mandatorily required to measure them at FVTPL. Any gain or loss arising from remeasurement is recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss incorporates any interest earned on the financial asset. 

2) 
 Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI 

Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying
 that cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of collecting
 contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets, are measured at FVTOCI. 
 
 Interest income calculated using the effective
 interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment gains or losses on investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI are recognized
 in profit or loss. Other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognized in other comprehensive income and will
 be reclassified to profit or loss when these debt instruments are disposed. 

3) 
 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI 

On initial recognition, we may irrevocably designate
 investments in equity investments that is not held for trading as at FVTOCI. 
 
 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are
 subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income
 and accumulated in other equity. 
 
 Dividends on these investments in equity instruments
 at FVTOCI are recognized in profit or loss when our right to receive the dividends is established, unless our rights clearly represent
 a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. 

32 

4) 
 Measured at amortized cost 

Cash and cash equivalents, commercial paper, debt
 instrument investments, notes and accounts receivable (including related parties), other receivables, refundable deposits and temporary
 payments (including those classified under other current assets and other noncurrent assets) are measured at amortized cost. 
 
 Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying
 that cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of holding
 financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, are measured at amortized cost. 
 
 Subsequent to initial recognition, financial assets
 measured at amortized cost are measured at amortized cost, which equals to carrying amount determined by the effective interest method
 less any impairment loss. 

b) 
 Impairment
of financial assets 

At the end of each reporting period,
a loss allowance for expected credit loss is recognized for financial assets at amortized cost (including accounts receivable) and for
investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI. 

The loss allowance for accounts receivable
is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. For financial assets at amortized cost and investments in debt instruments
that are measured at FVTOCI, when the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition,
a loss allowance is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting from possible default events of a financial instrument
within 12 months after the reporting date. If, on the other hand, there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
a loss allowance is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting from all possible default events over the expected
life of a financial instrument. 

We recognize an impairment loss in profit
or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except
for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognized in other comprehensive income
and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset. 

c) 
 Derecognition
of financial assets 

We derecognize a financial asset only
when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially
all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset to another entity. 

On derecognition of a financial asset
at amortized cost in its entirety, the difference between the asset s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received
and receivable is recognized in profit or loss. On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument at FVTOCI, the difference between
the asset s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable and the cumulative gain or loss that had been
recognized in other comprehensive income is recognized in profit or loss. However, on derecognition of an investment in an equity instrument
at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred directly to retained earnings,
without recycling through profit or loss. 

Fair Value Measurement 

We apply ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands financial statement disclosure
requirements for fair value measurements. 

33 

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price
that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) on the measurement date in an orderly
transaction between market participants in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 

ASC Topic 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation
techniques, which is based on whether the inputs into the valuation technique are observable or unobservable. The hierarchy is as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. Unobservable inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

Our management is responsible for determining
the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangibles identified as of the acquisition date and considered a number of factors including
valuations from an independent appraiser. 

When available, we use quoted market prices to
determine the fair value of an asset or liability. If quoted market prices are not available, we measure fair value using valuation techniques
that use, when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates and currency rates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents include all cash on
hand and cash in bank with no restrictions. The balance of cash as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 586,424 and 1,116,183, respectively. 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Accounts receivable are stated at the original
amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, based on a review of all outstanding amounts at period end. An allowance is also
made when there is objective evidence that we will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables.
We analyze the aging of the customer accounts, coverage of credit insurance, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, historical
and current economic trends and changes in its customer payment patterns when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets, Net 

Prepaid expense and other assets, net consist
of receivable from prepaid rent, etc. Management reviews its receivable balance each reporting period to determine if an allowance for
doubtful accounts is required. An allowance for doubtful account is recorded in the period in which loss is determined to be probable
based on an assessment of specific evidence indicating doubtful collection, historical experience, account balance aging, and prevailing
economic conditions. Bad debts are written off against the allowance after all collection efforts have ceased. 

34 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at lower of cost or net
realizable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average method. Inventories include raw materials, work in progress and finished
goods. The variable production overhead is allocated to each unit of product on the basis of the actual use of the production facilities.
The allocation of fixed production overhead to the costs of conversion is based on the normal capacity of the production facilities. 

Where there is evidence that the utility of inventories,
in their disposal in the ordinary course of business, will be less than cost, whether due to physical deterioration, obsolescence, changes
in price levels, or other causes, the inventories are written down to net realizable value. 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Property and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. Cost represents the purchase price of the asset and other costs incurred to bring the asset into its existing
use. Maintenance, repairs, and betterments, including replacement of minor items, are charged to expense; major additions to physical
properties are capitalized. 

Depreciation of property and equipment is provided
using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, which are shown as follows. 

Useful life 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Shorter of the remaining lease terms and estimated useful lives 
 
 Land 
 Indefinite, as per land titles 
 
 Furniture and fixture 
 5 years 
 
 Equipment 
 3 years 
 
 Machinery 
 5 years 
 
 Vehicle 
 5 years 

Upon sale or disposal, the applicable amounts
of asset cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the net amount less proceeds from disposal is charged or
credited to income. 

Business Combination 

For a business combination, the assets acquired,
the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized at the acquisition date and measured at their fair
values as of that date. In a business combination achieved in stages, the identifiable assets and liabilities, as well as the noncontrolling
interest in the acquiree, are recognized at the full amounts of their fair values. In a bargain purchase in which the total acquisition-date
fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the fair value of the consideration transferred plus any noncontrolling interest
in the acquiree, that excess in earnings is recognized as a gain attributable to the acquirer. 

Deferred tax liability and assets are recognized
for the deferred tax consequences of differences between the tax bases and the recognized values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
in a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740-10. 

35 

Variable Interest Entity 

A variable interest entity VIE is an entity (investee) in which the investor has obtained a controlling interest even if it has less than a majority of voting rights,
according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). A VIE is subject to consolidation if a VIE meets one of the following three
criteria as elaborated in ASC Topic 810-10, Consolidation: 

(a) 
 equity-at-risk is not sufficient to support the entity s activities; 

(b) 
 as a group, the equity-at-risk holders cannot control the entity; or 

(c) 
 the economics do not coincide with the voting interest. 

If a firm is the primary beneficiary of a VIE,
the holdings must be disclosed on the balance sheet. The primary beneficiary is defined as the person or company with the majority of
variable interests. A corporation formed, owned, and operated by two or more businesses (ventures) as a separate and discrete business
or project (venture) for their mutual benefit is defined as a joint venture. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

We recognize goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other . Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed
in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually as of October 1st of each year, and is
tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired.
An impairment charge for goodwill is recognized only when the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, is less than
its carrying amount. 

We recognize intangible assets in accordance with
ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Acquired intangible assets subject to amortization are stated at cost and are
amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Intangible assets that are subject to amortization
are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Assets not
subject to amortization are tested for impairment at least annually. 

The estimates of fair value are based on the best
information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporates management assumptions about expected future cash
flows. Although these assets are not currently impaired, there can be no assurance that future impairments will not occur. 

Share-Based Compensation 

We determine our share-based compensation in accordance
with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (ASC 718), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation
expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees based on the grant date fair value of the award. 

Determining the appropriate fair value model and
calculating the fair value of phantom award grants requires the input of subjective assumptions. We use the Black-Scholes pricing model
to value our phantom awards. Share-based compensation expense is calculated using our best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management s judgment. Significant estimates include our expected volatility. If different estimates and
assumptions had been used, our phantom unit valuations could be significantly different and related share-based compensation expense may
be materially impacted. 

36 

The Black-Scholes pricing model requires inputs
such as the risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility and expected dividend yield. We base the risk-free interest rate
that we use in the Black-Scholes pricing model on zero coupon U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities similar to the expected term of
the award being valued. The expected term of phantom awards is estimated from the vesting period of the award and represents the weighted
average period that our phantom awards are expected to be outstanding. We estimated the volatility based on the historic volatility of
our guideline companies, which we feel best represent our Company. We have never paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future and, therefore, we use an expected dividend yield of zero in the pricing model. We account for forfeitures as
they occur. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(which include normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair presentation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
position as of September 30, 2024, consolidated results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2024, cash flows for the year
period ended September 30, 2024 and change in equity for the period ended September 30, 2024, as applicable, have been made. 

Critical accounting policies are those that we
consider the most critical to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

We review our long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may no longer be recoverable. When these events
occur, we measure impairment by comparing the carrying value of the long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less
than the carrying amount of the assets, we would recognize an impairment loss, which is the excess of carrying amount over the fair value
of the assets. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, we are subject
to contingencies, including legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business that relate to a wide range of matters, such as government
investigations and tax matters. We recognize a liability for such contingency if we determine it is probable that a loss has occurred
and a reasonable estimate of the loss can be made. We may consider many factors in making these assessments including historical and the
specific facts and circumstances of each matter. 

Revenue Recognition 

We have early adopted ASU 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and all subsequent ASUs that modified ASC 606 on January 1, 2017. 

The core principle of the guidance is that an
entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, we apply the following
steps: 

Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer 

Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation 

37 

We considered revenue is recognized when (or as)
we satisfy performance obligations by transferring a promised goods and provide maintenance service to a customer. Revenue is measured
at the transaction price which is based on the amount of consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for transferring the promised
goods and providing maintenance service to the customer. Contracts with customers are comprised of invoices, and written contracts. 

We do not have arrangements for returns from customers.
We have no sales incentive programs. 

We provide goods, maintenance service warranties
for the goods sold with a period varying from 18 months to 72 months, with the majority of the periods being 18 months, and exclusive
sales agency license to its customers. For performance obligation related to providing products, we expect to recognize the revenue according
to the delivery of products. For performance obligation related to maintenance service warranties, we expect to recognize the revenue
on a ratable basis using a time-based output method. The performance obligations are typically satisfied as services are rendered on a
straight-line basis over the contract term, which is generally for 18 months as a majority of the maintenance service warranties periods
provided are 18 months. For performance obligation related to exclusive agency license, we recognize the revenue ratably upon the satisfaction
over the estimated economic life of the license. 

We do not have amounts of contract assets since
revenue is recognized as control of goods is transferred. The contract liabilities consist of advance payments from customers and deferred
revenue. Advance payments from customers are expected to be recognized as revenue within 12 months. Deferred revenue is expected to be
recognized as revenue within 12 months. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales consists primarily of material costs,
labor costs, depreciation, and related expenses, which are directly attributable to the production of the product. Write-down of inventories
to lower of cost or net realizable value is also recorded in cost of sales. 

Income Taxes 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method,
deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,
Leases (ASC Topic 842), which amends the lease requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases. Under the new lease accounting standard, a lessee
will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for most leases on the balance sheet. The new standard also modifies
the classification criteria and accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases, and enhances the disclosure requirements. Leases
will continue to be classified as either finance or operating leases. 

We adopted ASC Topic 842 using the modified retrospective
transition method effective January 1, 2019. There was no cumulative effect of initially applying ASC Topic 842 that required an adjustment
to the opening retained earnings on the adoption date nor revision of the balances in comparative periods. As a result of the adoption,
we recognized a lease liability and right-of-use asset for each of our existing lease arrangement. The adoption of the new lease standard
does not have a material impact on our consolidated income statement or our consolidated statement of cash flow. 

38 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

We account for uncertainty in income taxes using
a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition
by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit,
including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized
and recorded as necessary in the provision for income taxes. According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of
limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or the withholding agent.
The statute of limitations is extended to five years under special circumstances, where the underpayment of taxes is more than RMB 100,000.
In the case of transfer pricing issues, the statute of limitation is ten years. There is no statute of limitation in the case of tax evasion.
We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. There were no uncertain tax positions as of September
30, 2024 and 2023, and we have no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. We do not believe that the unrecognized
tax benefits will change over the next twelve months. 

Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Comprehensive income or loss is comprised of the
our net (loss) income and other comprehensive income or loss. The component of other comprehensive income or loss consists solely of foreign
currency translation adjustments, net of the income tax effect. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 

Our reporting currency is the United States dollar US ). The functional currency of our VIE in Taiwan is the New Taiwan dollar NT ), and the functional currency
of our Hong Kong subsidiary is Hong Kong dollars HK ). The functional currency of PRC companies is the Renminbi RMB ).
In the consolidated financial statements, the financial information of our subsidiary and the consolidated VIE has been translated into
US . Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates on the balance sheet date, equity amounts are translated at historical
exchange rates, except for changes in accumulated deficit during the year which is the result of income statement translation process,
and revenue, expense, gains or losses are translated using the average exchange rate during the year. Translation adjustments are reported
as foreign currency translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income or loss in the consolidated
statements of changes in equity and comprehensive (loss) income. The exchange rates as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 are 7.1268 and 7.2258,
respectively. The annual average exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are 7.0423 and 6.7208, respectively. 

(Loss) Earnings per Share 

Basic (loss) earnings per share is computed by
dividing net (loss) income attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue
common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. 

39 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth the consolidated
statements of operations of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 

Net sales 
 1,363,101 
 7,283,281 
 13,016,093 
 16,448,325 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (1,328,970 
 (7,321,912 
 (12,852,214 
 (16,291,065 
 
 Gross profit 
 34,131 
 51,369 
 163,879 
 157,260 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 
 (335,202 
 (319,762 
 (1,219,608 
 (1,747,766 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (335,202 
 (319,762 
 (1,219,608 
 (1,747,766 

Loss from operations 
 (301,071 
 (268,393 
 (1,055,729 
 (1,590,506 

Other income (expense) 
 2,180 
 (4,385 
 16,046 
 (16,773 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (298,891 
 (272,778 
 (1,039,683 
 (1,607,279 

Income tax expense 
 509 
 
 (121,871 

Net loss 
 (298,382 
 (272,778 
 (1,161,554 
 (1,607,279 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (12,964 
 (8,719 
 (35,438 
 (44,198 
 
 Net loss attributable to the company 
 (285,418 
 (264,059 
 (1,126,116 
 (1,563,081 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

Net loss 
 (298,382 
 (272,778 
 (1,161,554 
 (1,607,279 
 
 Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 (12,144 
 42,482 
 190,263 
 62,076 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 (310,526 
 (230,296 
 (971,291 
 (1,545,203 

Less: comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 (11,755 
 11,037 
 (38,390 
 (12,376 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 
 (298,771 
 (241,333 
 (932,901 
 (1,532,827 

Loss per share 

Basic 
 (0.0210 
 (0.0264 
 (0.0865 
 (0.1611 
 
 Diluted 
 (0.0210 
 (0.0264 
 (0.0865 
 (0.1611 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 
 13,607,097 
 10,019,125 
 13,017,717 
 9,703,101 
 
 Diluted 
 13,607,097 
 10,019,125 
 13,017,717 
 9,703,101 

40 

Revenue 

Revenue for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 1,363,101, compared to 7,283,281 for the comparable period in 2023. The revenue for the three months ended September 30,
2024 was mostly decreased from the Nocera fish trading business with slow fish market in Taiwan and Meixin catering business with revenues
of 0.2 million and 0.14 million, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, SY Culture and Xinca generated 188 and
 40,324, respectively. 

Revenue for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 13,016,093, compared to 16,448,325 for the comparable period in 2023. The revenue for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was mostly decreased from the Nocera fish trading business with slow fish market in Taiwan and Meixin catering business with
revenues of 7.9 million and 4.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, SY Culture and Xinca generated
generated 65,410 and 211,056, respectively. 

Fish Trading Business:
 For the nine months ended June 30, 2024, the fish trading business decreased in both volume and price, the volume decreased from
 700 tons to 521 tons for the comparable period in 2023 and 2024. The average selling price of eels also decreased, from 15.54 to
 15.35 per kilogram for the comparable period in 2023 and 2024. 

Catering Business:
 For the nine months ended June 30, 2024, the catering business separated into two lines of operations. The bento box business
 volume decreased from 66,217 to 64,275 boxes with average price decreased from 3.89 to 3.75 per box for the comparable period in
 2023 and 2024. The fruit and vegetable processing service and sales volume decreased from 316,073 kilograms to 305,638 kilograms
 in volume with average prices decreased from 16.39 to 15.38 per kilograms for the comparable period in 2023 and 2024. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
our foreign currency translation gain was 190,263. 

Gross profit 

Gross profit for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 34,131, compared to 51,369 for the comparable period in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in sales from
NTB s fish trading business for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Gross profit for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 163,879, compared to 157,260 for the comparable period in 2023. The increase was primarily because there was an increase
in demands of the sales through e-commerce business for nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 335,202,
for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 319,762 for the comparable period in 2023. This increase was
primarily due to the increase of consulting fees and salary expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and administrative expenses were 1,219,608,
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to approximately 1,747,766 for the comparable period in 2023. This decrease was
primarily due to the decrease of consulting fees, audit fees, and legal fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Other expense 

Other income was 2,180, for the three months
ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense of 4,385 for the comparable period in 2023. The other income was interest revenue
of bank deposits. The other expense was interest expense for a bank loan. The increase was mainly the effect of interest expense recognized
for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Other income was 16,046, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, compared to other expense of 16,773 for the comparable period in 2023. The other income was interest revenue
of bank deposits and gains from foreign currency translation. The other expense was interest expense for a bank loan. 

41 

Income tax expense 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we recorded an income tax expense of 121,871 compared to income tax expense of nil for the comparable period in 2023. The increase
of income tax expense occurs by making profit of fish sales by Taiwan National Taxation Bureau for the period ended September 30, 2024. 

Net income attributable to the Company 

Net loss attributable to us (excluding net loss
attributable to non-controlling interest) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 285,418 compared to net loss attributable
to us (excluding net loss attributable to non-controlling interest) of 264,059 for the comparable period in 2023. Margins remained similar
profit margin for three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Net loss attributable to the Company (excluding
net loss attributable to non-controlling interest) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,126,116, compared to a net loss
attributable to the Company (excluding net loss attributable to non-controlling interest) of 1,563,081 for the comparable period in 2023.
The decrease was primarily due to the decrease of General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company had net cash used by operating activities
for the period ended September 30, 2024 and the cash balance was 372,270 as of September 30, 2024 with net current liabilities of 1,176,035
and stockholders equity of 4,636,456. The Company believes its current cash balances coupled with anticipated cash flow from operating
activities will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. The Company continues to control its cash expenses as a percentage of expected revenue on an annual
basis and thus may use its cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth. Based on current internal projections, the Company
believes it has and/or will generate sufficient cash for its operational needs, for at least one year from the date of issuance of the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. Management is also focused on growing the Company s existing product offering, as
well as its customer base, to increase its revenues. The Company cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit
its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations or future acquisitions. Future business demands
may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced. The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future.
However, the Company cannot assure that it will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. Subject to the foregoing,
management believes that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity to fund its operations for at least one year from the date of
issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

To date, we have funded our operations through
revenues, loans from our officers, and the issuance of equity securities. We obtained a financial support letter from Mr. Yin-Chieh Cheng,
our former President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and principal stockholder. 

Since the net asset balance as of September
30, 2024, was 1,213,638, management has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern. While acknowledging the risks of potential
delisting, current liabilities exceeding current assets, and operating cash flow deficits, management has implemented plans to secure
funding, reduce costs, and improve liquidity. Based on these factors, management has concluded there is no substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flows for the periods indicated: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (909,563 
 (1,052,084 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 667,804 
 (430,883 
 
 Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 (478,361 
 (122,507 
 
 Effect of the exchange rate change on cash 
 (137,190 
 (19,342 
 
 Decrease in cash 
 (857,310 
 (1,624,816 

42 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities amounted
to 909,563 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This reflected a net loss of 1,161,554, depreciation of 112,096 and share-based
compensation of 45,498. 

Net cash used in operating activities amounted
to 1,052,084 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This reflected a net loss of 1,607,279, consultancy services settled by equities
of 521,100, depreciation of 109,953 and share-based compensation of 148,288. 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities was
 667,804 for the year ended September 30, 2024, which were primarily attributable to the proceeds from disposal of financial assets at
fair value through profit and loss. 

Net cash used in investing activities was 430,883
for the year ended September 30, 2023, which were primarily attributable to the purchase of land and investment funds. 

Net cash used in/provided by financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities amounted
to 478,361 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which was repayment of bank loans and acquisition of subsidiaries. 

Net cash provided by financing activities amounted
to 122,507 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was provided by the issuance of our common stock. 

Since we plan to build our land-based fish farming
demo sites in Taiwan, the U.S. and Brazil to promote our fish farming systems to the global market, we expect that we will require additional
capital, which includes construction costs, marketing costs, operation costs, etc., to meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect
to obtain financing from shareholders or raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities.
The shareholders are committed to provide additional financing required when we try to raise additional capital from third party
investors or banks. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising this additional capital. 

Business Combinations 

We account for business acquisitions in accordance
with ASC 805, Business Combinations . We measure the cost of an acquisition as the aggregate of the acquisition date fair values
of the assets transferred and liabilities assumed and equity instruments issued. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition
are expensed as incurred. We record goodwill for the excess of (i) the total costs of acquisition, fair value of any non-controlling interests
and acquisition date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquired business over (ii) the fair value of the identifiable
net assets of the acquired business. 

The acquisition method of accounting requires
us to exercise judgment and make estimates and assumptions based on available information regarding the fair values of the elements of
a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset
valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions and contingencies. We must also refine these estimates over a one-year measurement
period, to reflect any new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known,
would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. If we are required to retroactively adjust provisional
amounts that we have recorded for the fair value of assets and liabilities in connection with an acquisition, these adjustments could
materially impact our results of operations and financial position. Estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair
value of future acquired technology, user lists and other identifiable intangible assets include future cash flows that we expect to generate
from the acquired assets. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared
with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. In addition, we have estimated
the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. If our estimates
of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed, which could materially impact our
results of operations. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Please refer to the Note 2 above. 

43 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information in this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, under the supervision of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide a reasonable
level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, due to the presence of material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective. 

The following material weaknesses in our disclosure
controls and procedures at September 30, 2024 were: 

we did not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

there were insufficient monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge of GAAP that led to the restatement of our previously issued financial statements; and 

inadequate segregation of duties. 

We believe that these material weaknesses primarily
relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial
reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement
these accounting systems. 

We expect to remediate these material weaknesses
in the second half of 2024. However, we may discover additional material weaknesses that may require additional time and resources to
remediate. Our remediation process includes, but not limited to: 

Investing in information technology systems to enhance our operational and financial reporting and internal controls. 

Enhancing the organizational structure to support financial reporting processes and internal controls. 

Providing guidance, education and training to employees relating to our accounting policies and procedures. 

Further developing and documenting detailed policies and procedures regarding business processes for significant accounts, critical accounting policies and critical accounting estimates. 

Establishing effective general controls over information technology systems to ensure that information produced can be relied upon by process level controls is relevant and reliable. 

44 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no
assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within our Company and our consolidated
subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. There are inherent limitations
to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable,
not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we
took several actions to correct past material weaknesses, including, but not limited to, establishing an audit committee of our Board
comprised of three independent directors, adding experienced accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants
to review our internal controls and recommend improvements. However, we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues,
and the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified,
(2) ensure that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will
not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. 

45 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We were not subject to any legal proceedings during
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and there are currently no legal proceedings, to which we are a party, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes in our risk
factors as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on April 1,
2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On April 14, 2024, Gui Zhou Grand Smooth Technology Ltd. GZ GST ), one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into the Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of April 14, 2024, with Hangzhou SY Culture Media Co. Ltd. SY Culture ), pursuant to which GZ GST acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity securities of SY Culture from the stockholders of SY Culture in exchange for the issuance of 600,000 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

The issuance of the capital stock listed above
was deemed exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as amended (the Securities Act or Regulation
D promulgated thereunder in that the issuance of securities were made to an accredited investor and did not involve a public offering.
The recipient of such securities represented its intention to acquire the securities for investment purposes only and not with a view
to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

Changes in Accountant 

On October 16, 2024, the auditor of the Company,
Centurion ZD CPA Co. CZD ), resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. CZD s
audit report on the Company s financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022
did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles except that such audit report did include an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

46 

During the Company s two most recent fiscal
years, there were no disagreements with CZD on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreement(s), if not resolved to the satisfaction of CZD, would have caused it to make reference to the subject
matter of the disagreement(s) in connection with its report. 

We furnished a copy of this disclosure to CZD
and requested CZD to furnish us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether it agrees with the above
statements. We have included CZD s letter as Exhibit 16.1 below in this Form 10-Q. 

On October 16, 2024, the Company s Audit
Committee approved, and the Company s Board ratified, the engagement of Enrome LLP (the New Auditor ), and appointed
the New Auditor as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm as of October 16, 2024. During the past two fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, and the subsequent interim period through October 16, 2024, neither the Company nor anyone on
the Company s behalf consulted with the New Auditor with respect to either (i)(a) the application of accounting principles to a
specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or (b) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on financial statements,
and no written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that the New Auditor concluded was an important factor that the Company
consider in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any other matter that was the subject
of a disagreement or a reportable event (as these terms are defined in Item 304(a)(1) of Regulation
S-K and the related instructions). 

Nasdaq Compliance 

On September 17, 2024, the Company received a
deficiency letter (the Nasdaq Letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that,
for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price of the Company s shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share Common Stock ), had not been maintained at the minimum required closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share, as required
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). 

 The Nasdaq Letter did not result in the immediate
delisting of the Company s Common Stock, and the Company s Common Stock continues to trade uninterrupted on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol NCRA . 

In accordance with the listing rules of
Nasdaq, the Company has been given 180 calendar days, or until March 17, 2025 (the Compliance Date ), to regain compliance
with the Bid Price Rule. If at any time before the Compliance Date, the closing bid price of the Company s Common Stock is at least
 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification to the Company that it complies
with the Bid Price Rule. If the Company is unable to regain compliance before the Compliance Date, the Company may be eligible for an
additional 180 calendar days to satisfy the Bid Price Rule. To qualify, the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement
for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market with the exception of the
Bid Price Rule, and will need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during such additional compliance period,
by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If it appears to Nasdaq staff that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency,
or if the Company is otherwise not eligible for the additional compliance period, and the Company does not regain compliance by the Compliance
Date, Nasdaq will provide written notification to the Company that its Common Stock is subject to delisting. At that time, the Company
may appeal the delisting determination to a hearings panel pursuant to the procedures set forth in the applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules.
However, there can be no assurance that, if the Company does appeal the delisting determination by Nasdaq to the panel, such appeal would
be successful. 

The Company intends to actively monitor the closing
bid price of its Common Stock and, as appropriate, will consider available options to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule, secure an additional 180 calendar days
to satisfy the Bid Price Rule or will otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq listing criteria and that the Company will be able
to maintain its listing with Nasdaq. 

47 

Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act 

On December
2, 2021, the SEC adopted final amendments implementing the disclosure and submission requirements under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act (the HFCAA ), pursuant to which the SEC will identify a Commission-Identified Issuer if an
issuer has filed an annual report containing an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken
by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction, and will then impose a trading prohibition on an issuer after it is identified as and remains
a Commission-Identified Issuer for three consecutive years. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that
it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong
Kong, because of positions taken by one or more authorities in such jurisdictions. Since the Company s auditor is located in Hong
Kong, the Company s auditor is included on a list of audit firms the PCAOB determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely
because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong, and is therefore subject to the PCAOB s determination. In May
2022, the Company was added to the SEC s conclusive lists of issuers identified under the HFCAA, or a Commission-Identified Issuer.
Therefore, the Company will be delisted and its securities will be prohibited from being traded over-the-counter if it remains
identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for three consecutive years. If the Company s securities are unable to be listed on
another securities exchange by then, such a delisting or prohibition of trading would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
the Company s securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting or prohibition
of trading would have a negative impact on the price of the Company s securities. The Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act AHFCAA ), passed by the U.S. Senate and if enacted, would require Commission-Identified Issuers to comply with the PCAOB
audits within two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. In light of the PRC government s recent expansion of authority
in Hong Kong, there are risks and uncertainties which the Company cannot foresee for the time being, and rules and regulations in China
can change quickly with little or no advance notice. 

48 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

(a) 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Previously Filed and Incorporated by Reference Herein 
 
 10.1 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of April 14, 2024, by and between Gui Zhou Smooth Technology Ltd. And Hangzhou SY Culture Media Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2024). 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Centurion ZD CPA Co. regarding change in certifying accountant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2024). 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of Nocera, Inc. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

___________________________ 

Furnished herewith. 
 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and
 shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in
 any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated
 in such filing. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NOCERA, INC. 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Andy Ching-An Jin 

Name: 
 Andy Ching-An Jin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 

Name: 
 Shun-Chih Chuang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nocera_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Andy Ching-An Jin, Chief Executive Officer
of Nocera, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q/A for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

December 16, 2024 

/s/ Andy Ching-An Jin 

 Andy Ching-An Jin 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nocera_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Shun-Chih Chuang, Chief Financial Officer of
Nocera, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q/A for the fiscal period ended September 30, 2024; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this report; 

(4) The Company s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

(5) The Company s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

(a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

December 16, 2024 

/s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 

 Shun-Chih Chuang 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nocera_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q/A of Nocera, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Andy Ching-An Jin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

December 16, 2024 

/s/Andy Ching-An Jin 

 Andy Ching-An Jin 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nocera_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q/A of Nocera, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Shun-Chih Chuang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

December 16, 2024 

/s/ Shun-Chih Chuang 

 Shun-Chih Chuang 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ncra-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ncra-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ncra-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ncra-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

