<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-Q_edgar_data_1701605_0001701605-24-000131.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7986324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103578</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1508889</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2446345</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2045485</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1744992</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001701605-24-000131.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023161151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001701605-24-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Baker Hughes Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001701605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				814403168
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38143
		FILM NUMBER:		241389335

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		575 NORTH DAIRY ASHFORD ROAD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77079-1121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-439-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		575 NORTH DAIRY ASHFORD ROAD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77079-1121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Baker Hughes a GE Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bear Newco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001701605-24-000131.txt : 20241023

10-Q
 1
 bkr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bkr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from_________to__________ 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of October 16, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No . 
 PART I - 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 PART II - 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 
 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Sales of goods Sales of services Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold Cost of services sold Selling, general and administrative Restructuring, impairment and other Total costs and expenses Operating income Other non-operating income, net 
 Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Baker Hughes Company 
 Per share amounts: Basic income per Class A common stock 
 Diluted income per Class A common stock 
 Cash dividend per Class A common stock 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 1 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Baker Hughes Company Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Benefit plans ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Less: Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Baker Hughes Company 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Baker Hughes Company 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 2 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Current receivables, net Inventories, net All other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Contract and other deferred assets All other assets Deferred income taxes Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term and current portion of long-term debt Progress collections and deferred income All other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Liabilities for pensions and other postretirement benefits All other liabilities Equity: Class A Common Stock, par value - authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B Common Stock, par value - authorized, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Capital in excess of par value 
 Retained loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Baker Hughes Company equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 3 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Dividends on Class A common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of Class A common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Other ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) Class A and Class B Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income: 
 Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Dividends on Class A common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of Class A common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 4 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) Class A and Class B Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Dividends on Class A common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of Class A common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Other ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) Class A and Class B Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Loss Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): 
 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Dividends on Class A common stock per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of Class A common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 5 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Gain on equity securities 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Provision for deferred income taxes 
 Inventory impairment Property, plant and equipment impairment, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Current receivables ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Progress collections and deferred income Contract and other deferred assets ) ) Other operating items, net ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Expenditures for capital assets ) ) Proceeds from disposal of assets Proceeds from sale of equity securities 
 Proceeds from business dispositions Net cash paid for acquisitions 
 ) Other investing items, net ) ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of long-term debt 
 ) Dividends paid ) ) Repurchase of Class A common stock ) ) Other financing items, net ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flows disclosures: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Interest paid 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 6 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 1. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Please refer to "Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the consolidated financial statements from the Company's 2023 Annual Report for the discussion of significant accounting policies. 
 Goodwill 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test, concluding that there are no events or circumstances that existed that would lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting units is less than its carrying value. 
 million and million of supply chain finance program liabilities are recorded in "Accounts payable" in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position, respectively, and reflected in net cash flows from operating activities in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows when settled. 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS TO BE ADOPTED 
 In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" ("ASU 2023-09"), which is intended to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2023-09 provide for enhanced income tax information primarily through changes to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. ASU 2023-09, which allows for early adoption, 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 7 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 2. 
 Other Total current receivables Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total current receivables, net 
 Customer receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount. The "Other" category consists primarily of advance payments to suppliers and indirect taxes. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, consist of the following: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Finished goods Work in process and raw materials Total inventories, net 
 The Company had inventory impairments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded inventory impairments of and million, respectively, primarily in the Oilfield Services Equipment ("OFSE") segment. See "Note 17. Restructuring, Impairment and Other" for further information. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 8 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 4. 
 ) ) Technology ) ) Trade names and trademarks ) ) Capitalized software ) ) Finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 
 Long-term equipment contracts and certain other service agreements Contract assets (total revenue in excess of billings) Deferred inventory costs Other costs to fulfill or obtain a contract 
 Contract and other deferred assets 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 9 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements million and million, respectively, and ) million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This includes revenue recognized from revisions to cost or billing estimates that may affect a contract's total estimated profitability. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 
 Deferred income Progress collections and deferred income (contract liabilities) 
 million and million, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Long-term variable lease Short-term lease Total operating lease expense 
 Cash flows used in operating activities for operating leases approximate lease expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was approximately for operating leases. The weighted-average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liability as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 10 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 8. 
 Debentures due June 2024 
 Other debt Total short-term and current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt Senior Notes due December 2026 
 Senior Notes due December 2027 
 Notes due January 2029 
 Senior Notes due November 2029 
 Senior Notes due May 2030 
 Senior Notes due September 2040 
 Senior Notes due December 2047 
 Other long-term debt Total long-term debt Total debt 
 The estimated fair value of total debt at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. For a majority of the Company's debt, the fair value was determined using quoted period-end market prices. Where market prices are not available, the Company estimates fair values based on valuation methodologies using current market interest rate data adjusted for non-performance risk. 
 The Company has a billion committed unsecured revolving credit facility ("the Credit Agreement") with commercial banks maturing in November 2028. The Credit Agreement contains certain representations and warranties, certain affirmative covenants and negative covenants, in each case considered customary. No related events of default have occurred. The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Baker Hughes. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc. is a co-obligor, jointly and severally with Baker Hughes Holdings LLC ("BHH LLC") on the Company's long-term debt securities. This co-obligor is a -owned finance subsidiary of BHH LLC that was incorporated for the sole purpose of serving as a corporate co-obligor of long-term debt securities and has no assets or operations other than those related to its sole purpose. As of September 30, 2024, Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc. is a co-obligor of certain debt securities totaling billion. 
 Certain Senior Notes contain covenants that restrict the Company's ability to take certain actions, including, but not limited to, the creation of certain liens securing debt, the entry into certain sale-leaseback transactions, and engaging in certain merger, consolidation and asset sale transactions in excess of specified limits. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 11 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 9. 
 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the provision for income taxes was million and million, respectively. The difference between the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 and the effective tax rate in all periods is primarily related to income in jurisdictions with tax rates higher than in the U.S. and losses with no tax benefit due to valuation allowances, partially offset by income subject to U.S. tax at an effective rate less than 21 due to valuation allowances. The Company monitors the recoverability of its deferred tax assets with particular focus on the business outlook across its operating jurisdictions and the continued utilization of existing deferred tax assets. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 billion shares of Class A common stock, billion shares of Class B common stock and million shares of preferred stock, each of which has a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The Company has not issued any preferred stock. 
 The Company has a share repurchase program which it expects to fund from cash generated from operations, and it expects to make share repurchases from time to time subject to the Company's capital plan, market conditions, and other factors, including regulatory restrictions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and canceled million and million shares of Class A common stock for million and million, representing an average price per share of and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and canceled million and million shares of Class A common stock for million and million, representing an average price per share of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had authorization remaining to repurchase up to approximately billion of its Class A common stock. 
 Issue of shares upon vesting of restricted stock units (1) 
 Issue of shares on exercise of stock options (1) 
 Issue of shares for employee stock purchase plan Repurchase and cancellation of Class A common stock ) ) Balance at September 30 
 (1) Share amounts reflected above are net of shares withheld to satisfy the employee's tax withholding obligation. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 12 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Deferred taxes ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Other adjustments 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments Cash Flow Hedges Benefit Plans Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Deferred taxes Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 The amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 represent (i) gains (losses) reclassified on cash flow hedges when the hedged transaction occurs, (ii) the amortization of net actuarial gain (loss), prior service credit, settlements, and curtailments which are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost, and (iii) the release of foreign currency translation adjustments. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 13 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 11. 
 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to Baker Hughes Company Weighted average shares outstanding: Class A basic Class A diluted Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Class A basic Class A diluted 
 Class A diluted shares include the dilutive impact of equity awards except for approximately million options for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million options for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, that were excluded because the exercise price exceeded the average market price of the Company's Class A common stock and is therefore antidilutive. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 14 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 12. 
 Investment securities Total assets Liabilities Derivatives ) ) ) ) Total liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 Equity securities ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Net gains recorded to earnings related to these securities were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, the Company's non-U.S. debt securities are classified as available for sale securities and mature within . 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of the Company's equity securities with readily determinable fair values is million and million, respectively, and is comprised mainly of the Company's investment in ADNOC Drilling, and is recorded primarily in "All other current assets" in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position. The Company measured its investments at fair value based on quoted prices in active markets. 
 Net gains recorded to earnings for the Company's equity securities with readily determinable fair values were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Gains (losses) related to the Company's equity securities with readily determinable fair values are reported in "Other non-operating income (loss), net" in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 OTHER EQUITY INVESTMENTS 
 During 2024, no observable transactions occurred on the Company's equity securities without a readily determinable fair value. During 2023, certain equity securities without a readily determinable fair value were remeasured as of the date that an observable transaction occurred, which resulted in the Company recording a gain of million. Gains (losses) related to the Company's equity securities without readily determinable fair values are reported in "Other non-operating income (loss), net" in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 15 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Interest rate swap contracts ) ) Derivatives not accounted for as hedges Currency exchange contracts and other ) ) Total derivatives ) ) 
 Derivatives are classified in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position depending on their respective maturity date. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of derivative assets are recorded in "All other current assets" and and million are recorded in "All other assets" in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of derivative liabilities are recorded in "All other current liabilities" and million and million are recorded in "All other liabilities" in the condensed consolidated statements of financial position, respectively. 
 During 2024, the Company issued credit default swaps ("CDS") in the total of million to third-party financial institutions. The CDS relate to secured borrowings provided by these financial institutions to a customer in Mexico who utilized these borrowings to pay certain of the Company's outstanding receivables. The total notional amount remaining on the issued CDS was million as of September 30, 2024, which will reduce each month through July 2026 as the customer repays the borrowings. The fair value of these derivative liabilities is not material. 
 FORMS OF HEDGING 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The Company uses cash flow hedging primarily to mitigate the effects of foreign exchange rate changes on purchase and sale contracts. Accordingly, the vast majority of derivative activity in this category consists of currency exchange contracts. In addition, the Company is exposed to interest rate risk fluctuations in connection with long-term debt that it issues from time to time to fund its operations. Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges are recorded in a separate component of equity (referred to as "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income" or "AOCI") and are recorded in earnings in the period in which the hedged transaction occurs. See "Note 10. Equity" for further information on activity in AOCI for cash flow hedges. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the maximum term of cash flow hedges that hedge forecasted transactions was approximately and , respectively. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 All of the Company's long-term debt is comprised of fixed rate instruments. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its debt portfolio and may use interest rate swaps to manage the economic effect of fixed rate 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 16 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million that converted a portion of its million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate Senior Notes due 2027 into a floating rate instrument with an interest rate based on a Secured Overnight Financing Rate index. The Company concluded that the interest rate swap met the criteria necessary to qualify for hedge accounting, and as such, the changes in this fair value hedge are recorded as gains or losses in interest expense and are equally offset by the gains or losses of the underlying debt instrument, which are also recorded in interest expense. 
 NOTIONAL AMOUNT OF DERIVATIVES 
 The notional amount of a derivative is used to determine, along with the other terms of the derivative, the amounts to be exchanged between the counterparties. The Company discloses the derivative notional amounts on a gross basis to indicate the total counterparty risk but it does not generally represent amounts exchanged by the Company and the counterparties. A substantial majority of the outstanding notional amount of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, is related to hedges of anticipated sales and purchases in foreign currency, commodity purchases, changes in interest rates, and contractual terms in contracts that are considered embedded derivatives and for intercompany borrowings in foreign currencies. 
 COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK 
 Fair values of the Company's derivatives can change significantly from period to period based on, among other factors, market movements and changes in the Company's positions. The Company manages counterparty credit risk (the risk that counterparties will default and not make payments according to the terms of the agreements) on an individual counterparty basis. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 17 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 13. 
 Completions, Intervention Measurements Production Solutions Subsea Surface Pressure Systems Oilfield Services Equipment Gas Technology Equipment 
 Gas Technology Services 
 Total Gas Technology Industrial Products 
 Industrial Solutions 
 Controls (1) 
 Total Industrial Technology Climate Technology Solutions Industrial Energy Technology Total 
 (1) The sale of the Company's controls business was completed in April 2023. 
 Latin America Europe/CIS/Sub-Saharan Africa Middle East/Asia Oilfield Services Equipment 
 REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations was billion. As of September 30, 2024, the Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately , and of the total remaining performance obligations within , , and years, respectively, and the remaining thereafter. Contract modifications could affect both the timing to complete as well as the amount to be received as the Company fulfills the related remaining performance obligations. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 18 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 NOTE 14. 
 operating segments, OFSE and IET. Each segment is organized and managed based upon the nature of the Company's markets and customers and consists of similar products and services. These products and services operate across upstream oil and gas and broader energy and industrial markets. 
 OILFIELD SERVICES EQUIPMENT 
 OFSE provides products and services for onshore and offshore oilfield operations across the lifecycle of a well, ranging from exploration, appraisal, and development, to production, rejuvenation, and decommissioning. OFSE is organized into product lines: Well Construction, which encompasses drilling services, drill bits, and drilling completions fluids; Completions, Intervention, and Measurements , which encompasses well completions, pressure pumping, and wireline services; Production Solutions , which spans artificial lift systems and oilfield industrial chemicals; and Subsea Surface Pressure Systems , which encompasses subsea projects and services, surface pressure control, and flexible pipe systems. Beyond its traditional oilfield concentration, OFSE is expanding its capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the challenges of a net-zero future. These efforts include expanding into new energy areas such as geothermal and carbon capture, utilization and storage, strengthening its digital architecture and addressing key energy market themes. 
 INDUSTRIAL ENERGY TECHNOLOGY 
 IET provides technology solutions and services for mechanical-drive, compression and power-generation applications across the energy industry, including oil and gas, liquefied natural gas ("LNG") operations, downstream refining, and petrochemical markets, as well as lower carbon solutions to broader energy and industrial sectors. IET also provides equipment, software, and services that serve a wide range of industries including petrochemical and refining, nuclear, aviation, automotive, mining, cement, metals, pulp and paper, and food and beverage. IET is organized into product lines - Gas Technology Equipment, Gas Technology Services , Industrial Products, Industrial Solutions, and Climate Technology Solutions . 
 Revenue and operating income for each segment are used by the CODM to assess the performance of each segment in a financial period. The performance of the operating segments is evaluated based on segment operating income (loss), which is defined as income (loss) before income taxes before the following: net interest expense, net other non-operating income (loss), unallocated corporate expenses, significant restructuring plans, impairment and other charges, inventory impairments, and certain gains and losses not allocated to the operating segments. Accounting policies have been applied consistently by all segments within the Company for all reporting periods. Intercompany revenue and expense amounts have been eliminated within each segment to report on the basis that management uses internally for evaluating segment performance. 
 Industrial Energy Technology Total 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 19 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Industrial Energy Technology Total segment Corporate (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Inventory impairment (2) 
 ) Restructuring, impairment and other ) ) ) Other non-operating income, net Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 (1) Corporate costs are primarily reported in "Selling, general and administrative" in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (2) Charges for inventory impairments are reported in "Cost of goods sold" in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 The following table presents depreciation and amortization: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Depreciation and amortization 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oilfield Services Equipment Industrial Energy Technology Total segment Corporate Total 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 , and therefore, the Company does not consolidate the Aero JV. As a result of GE's spin-off of GE Vernova Inc., GE transferred its interest in the Aero JV to GE Vernova Inc. in the second quarter of 2024. The Company had purchases from the Aero JV of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company has million and million of accounts payable at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for products and services provided by the Aero JV in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 20 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of lost profits plus unspecified additional costs based on alleged non-performance of the contracts in dispute. The arbitration hearing was held from December 9, 2019 to December 20, 2019. On March 3, 2020, IEC amended their damages claim to million of alleged loss cash flow or, in the alternative, million of lost profits and various costs based on alleged non-performance of the contracts in dispute, and in addition million of liquidated damages, million in take-or-pay costs of feed gas, and unspecified additional costs of rectification and take-or-pay future obligations, plus unspecified interest and attorneys' fees. On May 3, 2020, the arbitration panel dismissed IEC's request for take-or-pay damages. On May 29, 2020, IEC quantified their claim for legal fees at million and reduced their alternative claim from million to approximately million. The Company and its subsidiaries have contested IEC's claims and are pursuing claims for compensation under the contracts. On October 31, 2020, the ICDR notified the arbitration panel's final award, which dismissed the majority of IEC's claims and awarded a portion of the Company's claims. On January 27, 2021, IEC filed a petition to vacate the arbitral award in the Supreme Court of New York, County of New York. On March 5, 2021, the Company filed a petition to confirm the arbitral award, and on March 8, 2021, the Company removed the matter to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On November 16, 2021, the court granted the Company's petition to confirm the award and denied IEC's petition to vacate. During the second quarter of 2022, IEC paid the amounts owed under the arbitration award, which had an immaterial impact on the Company's financial statements. On February 3, 2022, IEC initiated another arbitration proceeding in New York administered by the ICDR against certain of the Company's subsidiaries arising out of the same project which formed the basis of the first arbitration. On March 25, 2022, the Company's subsidiaries initiated a separate demand for ICDR arbitration against IEC for claims of additional costs and amounts due; such claims against IEC have now been resolved, with any consideration having an immaterial impact on the Company's financial statements. At this time, the Company is not able to predict the outcome of the proceeding which is pending against the Company's subsidiaries. 
 On or around February 15, 2023, the lead plaintiff and three additional named plaintiffs in a putative securities class action styled The Reckstin Family Trust, et al., v. C3.ai, Inc., et al., No. 4:22-cv-01413-HSG, filed an amended class action complaint (the "Amended Complaint") in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Amended Complaint names the following as defendants: (i) C3.ai., Inc. ("C3 AI"), (ii) certain of C3 AI's current and/or former officers and directors, (iii) certain underwriters for the C3 AI initial public offering (the "IPO"), and (iv) the Company, and its President and CEO (who formerly served as a director on the board of C3 AI). The Amended Complaint alleges violations of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") in connection with the IPO and the subsequent period between December 9, 2020 and December 2, 2021, during which BHH LLC held equity investments in C3 AI. The action seeks unspecified damages and the award of costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees. On February 22, 2024, the Court dismissed the claims against the Company. However, on April 4, 2024, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, reasserting their claims against the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Exchange Act. At this time, the Company is not able to predict the outcome of these proceedings. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 21 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 billion at September 30, 2024. It is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these financial instruments. As of September 30, 2024, none of the off-balance sheet arrangements either has, or is likely to have, a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The Company sometimes enters into consortium or similar arrangements for certain projects primarily in the OFSE segment. Under such arrangements, each party is responsible for performing a certain scope of work within the total scope of the contracted work, and the obligations expire when all contractual obligations are completed. The failure or inability, financially or otherwise, of any of the parties to perform their obligations could impose additional costs and obligations on the Company. These factors could result in unanticipated costs to complete the project, liquidated damages or contract disputes. 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 RESTRUCTURING AND IMPAIRMENT CHARGES 
 The Company recorded restructuring and impairment charges of and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The charges during three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relate to employee termination expenses driven by actions taken by the Company to facilitate the reorganization into segments and corporate restructuring. Restructuring charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also include costs incurred under a new plan (the "2023 Plan") related to exit activities at specific locations in the Company's segments to align with the Company's current market outlook and rationalize the Company's manufacturing supply chain footprint. These actions also included inventory impairments of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, recorded in "Cost of goods sold" in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 22 

Baker Hughes Company 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Industrial Energy Technology (1) 
 Corporate ) Total 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million of additional restructuring charges are included within segment operating income and reported in Selling, general and administrative in the condensed consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 The following table presents the total restructuring and impairment charges by type, and includes gains on the dispositions of certain property, plant and equipment previously impaired as a consequence of exit activities: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Charges by Type 2024 2023 2024 2023 Property, plant equipment, net ) Employee-related termination costs Other incremental costs Total 
 OTHER CHARGES 
 The Company recorded other charges of and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and (gains) charges of ) million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 18. 
 million, net of cash acquired, which consisted primarily of the acquisition of Altus Intervention in the OFSE segment in the second quarter of 2023. Altus Intervention is a leading international provider of well intervention services and downhole technology. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed in these acquisitions were recorded based on preliminary estimates of their fair values as of the acquisition date. As a result of these acquisitions, the Company recorded million of goodwill and million of intangible assets, subject to final fair value adjustments. Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because the effects of these acquisitions were not material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 DISPOSITIONS 
 During the first nine months of 2023, the Company completed the sale of businesses and received total cash consideration of million. The dispositions consisted primarily of the sale of the Nexus Controls business in the IET segment to GE in April 2023, which resulted in an immaterial gain in the second quarter of 2023. Nexus Controls specializes in scalable industrial controls systems, safety systems, hardware, and software cybersecurity solutions and services. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in Item 1 thereto, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report"). 
 Baker Hughes Company ("Baker Hughes," "the Company," "we," "us," or "our") is an energy technology company with a broad and diversified portfolio of technologies and services that spans the energy and industrial value chain. We conduct business in more than 120 countries and employ approximately 57,000 employees. We operate through our two business segments: Oilfield Services Equipment ("OFSE") and Industrial Energy Technology ("IET"). We sell products and services primarily in the global oil and gas markets, within the upstream, midstream and downstream segments, as well as broader industrial and new energy markets. 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 Market Conditions 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we saw oil markets impacted by both demand and supply side factors, including slowing global economic growth, resilient North American production, weakening compliance in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC"), and geopolitical uncertainty. 
 As we look to the fourth quarter of 2024 and into 2025, we remain positive on the global gas outlook while the global oil outlook is uncertain. Based on the current macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, we expect 2025 global upstream spending to be similar to 2024. We maintain our expectation for producers to shift spending towards the optimization of mature assets and for continued strength in natural gas. 
 In OFSE, we see increased uncertainty in the macroeconomic backdrop. The continued production increases in North America, the growth in deepwater production, and the recent OPEC plans for production increases could put pressure on oil fundamentals. Geopolitical uncertainty across the Middle East could also create added volatility for oil prices. 
 In IET, we maintain an optimistic outlook for the development of global natural gas and liquefied natural gas ("LNG"). This positive outlook is supported by growing demand for projects across LNG, gas infrastructure, and onshore and offshore production. We also expect continued positive momentum from other structural growth drivers, such as increasing power demand, conversion of downstream applications, and the transition to new energy solutions. 
 Global geopolitical uncertainty continues to influence the oil and gas markets. While there has not been a material impact on our operations, we will continue to monitor and assess these risks. Furthermore, in IET, we will continue to manage the tightness in the aeroderivative supply chain. 
 Financial Results and Key Company Initiatives 
 In the third quarter of 2024, operating income was 930 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 714 million in the third quarter of 2023, increasing 216 million. This increase was driven by higher volume in IET, positive price in both segments and structural cost-out initiatives, partially offset by cost inflation in IET. 
 As our journey of transformation continues, we have made progress in our efforts to improve efficiencies and modernize how the business operates. The business has undertaken significant structural changes and we see the operating benefits coming through in the margin performance. 
 Baker Hughes remains committed to a flexible capital allocation policy that balances returning cash to shareholders and investing in growth opportunities. In the third quarter of 2024, we returned a total of 361 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 24 

Outlook 
 Our business is exposed to a number of macro factors, which influence our outlook and expectations given the current volatile conditions in the industry. All of our outlook expectations are purely based on the market as we see it today and are subject to changing conditions in the industry. 
 OFSE North America activity: North America activity levels remain subdued going into the fourth quarter of 2024 and into 2025. 
 OFSE International activity: We expect a decelerating pace of growth for spending outside of North America in the fourth quarter of 2024 and into 2025. 
 IET LNG projects: We remain optimistic on the LNG market long-term and view natural gas as a transition and destination fuel. We continue to view the long-term economics of the LNG industry as positive. 
 We have other businesses in our portfolio that are more correlated with various industrial metrics, including global GDP growth. We also have businesses within our portfolio that are exposed to new energy solutions, specifically focused around reducing carbon emissions of the energy and broader industry, including: hydrogen; geothermal; carbon capture, utilization and storage; energy storage; clean power; and emissions abatement solutions. We expect to see continued growth in these global businesses as new energy solutions become a more prevalent part of the broader energy mix. 
 Overall, we believe our portfolio is well positioned to compete across the energy value chain and deliver comprehensive solutions for our customers. We remain optimistic about the long-term economics of the oil and gas industry, but we are continuing to operate with flexibility. Over time, we believe the world's demand for energy will continue to rise, and that hydrocarbons will play a major role in meeting the world's energy needs for the foreseeable future. As such, we remain focused on delivering innovative, low-emission, and cost-effective solutions that deliver step changes in operating and economic performance for our customers. 
 Sustainability 
 We believe we have an important role to play in society as an industry leader and partner. We view the area of environmental, social, and governance as a key lever to transform the performance of our Company and our industry. In January 2019, we made a commitment to reduce Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from our operations by 50 by 2030 and achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. We continue to make progress on emissions reductions, and reported in our 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report a 28.3 reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 carbon dioxide equivalent emissions as compared to our 2019 base year. 
 
 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
 The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity position as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Our revenue is predominately generated from the sale of products and services to major, national, and independent oil and natural gas companies worldwide, and is dependent on spending by our customers for oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production. This spending is driven by a number of factors, including our customers' forecasts of future energy demand and supply, their access to resources to develop and produce oil and natural gas, their ability to fund their capital programs, the impact of new government regulations, and their expectations for oil and natural gas prices as a key driver of their cash flows. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 25 

Oil and Natural Gas Prices 
 Oil and natural gas prices are summarized in the table below as averages of the daily closing prices during each of the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Brent oil price /Bbl) (1) 
 80.01 86.65 82.50 81.99 WTI oil price /Bbl) (2) 
 76.43 82.25 78.58 77.27 Natural gas price /mmBtu) (3) 
 2.11 2.59 2.11 2.46 
 (1) Energy Information Administration ("EIA") Europe Brent Spot Price per Barrel 
 (2) EIA Cushing, OK West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") spot price 
 (3) EIA Henry Hub Natural Gas Spot Price per million British Thermal Unit 
 Outside North America, customer spending is influenced by Brent oil prices. In North America, customer spending is influenced by WTI oil prices and natural gas prices are measured by the Henry Hub Natural Gas Spot Price. 
 
 Baker Hughes Rig Count 
 The Baker Hughes rig counts are an important business barometer for the drilling industry and its suppliers. When drilling rigs are active, they consume products and services produced by the oil service industry. Rig count trends are driven by the exploration and development spending by oil and natural gas companies, which in turn is influenced by current and future price expectations for oil and natural gas. The counts may reflect the relative strength and stability of energy prices and overall market activity; however, these counts should not be solely relied on as other specific and pervasive conditions may exist that affect overall energy prices and market activity. 
 We have been providing rig counts to the public since 1944. We gather all relevant data through our field service personnel, who obtain the necessary data from routine visits to the various rigs, customers, contractors and other outside sources as necessary. We base the classification of a well as either oil or natural gas primarily upon filings made by operators in the relevant jurisdiction. This data is then compiled and distributed to various wire services and trade associations and is published on our website. We believe the counting process and resulting data is reliable; however, it is subject to our ability to obtain accurate and timely information. Rig counts are compiled weekly for the United States of America ("U.S.") and Canada and monthly for all international rigs. Published international rig counts do not include rigs drilling in certain locations such as onshore China because this information is not readily available. 
 Rigs in the U.S. and Canada are counted as active if, on the day the count is taken, the well being drilled has been started but drilling has not been completed and the well is anticipated to be of sufficient depth to be a potential consumer of our drill bits. In international areas, rigs are counted on a weekly basis and deemed active if drilling activities occurred during the majority of the week. The weekly results are then averaged for the month and published accordingly. The rig count does not include rigs that are in transit from one location to another, rigging up, being used in non-drilling activities including production testing, completion and workover, and are not expected to be significant consumers of drill bits. 
 The rig counts are summarized in the table below as averages for each of the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change North America 796 836 (5) 788 885 (11) International 937 951 (1) 955 942 1 Worldwide 1,733 1,787 (3) 1,743 1,827 (5) 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 26 

The worldwide rig count was 1,733 for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 3 as compared to the same period last year primarily due to a decrease in North America. Within North America, the decrease was primarily driven by the U.S. rig count, which was down 10 when compared to the same period last year, partially offset by an increase in the Canada rig count, which was up 12 when compared to the same period last year. Internationally, the rig count decrease was driven primarily by a decrease in the Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and Europe regions of 10 , 2 , and 2 , respectively, when compared to the same period last year. 
 The worldwide rig count was 1,743 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 5 as compared to the same period last year primarily due to a decrease in North America. Within North America, the decrease was driven by the U.S. rig count, which was down 15 when compared to the same period last year. Internationally, the rig count increase was driven primarily by an increase in the Africa, Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and Europe regions of 10 , 4 , 3 , and 1 , respectively. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The discussions below relating to significant line items from our condensed consolidated statements of income (loss) are based on available information and represent our analysis of significant changes or events that impact the comparability of reported amounts. Where appropriate, we have identified specific events and changes that affect comparability or trends and, where reasonably practicable, have quantified the impact of such items. In addition, the discussions below for revenue and cost of revenue are on a total basis as the business drivers for product sales and services are similar. All dollar amounts in tabulations in this section are in millions of dollars, unless otherwise stated. Certain columns and rows may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. 
 Our condensed consolidated statements of income (loss) display sales and costs of sales in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") regulations under which "goods" is required to include all sales of tangible products and "services" must include all other sales, including other service activities. For the amounts shown below, we distinguish between "equipment" and "product services," where product services refer to sales under product services agreements, including sales of both goods (such as spare parts and equipment upgrades) and related services (such as monitoring, maintenance and repairs), which is an important part of our operations. We refer to "product services" simply as "services" within the Business Environment section of Management's Discussion and Analysis. 
 Our results of operations are evaluated by the Chief Executive Officer on a consolidated basis as well as at the segment level. The performance of our operating segments is primarily evaluated based on segment operating income (loss), which is defined as income (loss) before income taxes and before the following: net interest expense, net other non-operating income (loss), unallocated corporate expenses, significant restructuring plans, impairment and other charges, inventory impairments, and certain gains and losses not allocated to the operating segments. 
 In evaluating the performance, we primarily use the following: 
 Volume: Volume is defined as the increase or decrease in products and/or services sold period-over-period excluding the impact of foreign exchange and price. The volume impact on profit is calculated by multiplying the prior period profit rate by the change in revenue volume between the current and prior period. Volume also includes price, which is defined as the change in sales price for a comparable product or service period-over-period and is calculated as the period-over-period change in sales prices of comparable products and services. 
 Foreign Exchange ("FX"): FX measures the translational foreign exchange impact, or the translation impact of the period-over-period change on sales and costs directly attributable to change in the foreign exchange rate compared to the U.S. dollar. FX impact is calculated by multiplying the functional currency amounts (revenue or profit) with the period-over-period FX rate variance, using the average exchange rate for the respective period. 
 (Inflation)/Deflation: (Inflation)/deflation is defined as the increase or decrease in direct and indirect costs of the same type for an equal amount of volume. It is calculated as the year-over-year change in cost (i.e. price paid) of direct material, compensation and benefits, and overhead costs. 
 Productivity: Productivity is measured by the remaining variance in profit, after adjusting for the period-over-period impact of volume and price, foreign exchange, and (inflation)/deflation as defined above. Improved or lower period-over-period cost productivity is the result of cost efficiencies or inefficiencies, such as cost decreasing or 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 27 

increasing more than volume, or cost increasing or decreasing less than volume, or changes in sales mix among segments. This also includes the period-over-period variance of transactional foreign exchange, aside from those foreign currency devaluations that are reported separately for business evaluation purposes. 
 Orders and Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Summarized orders information for our segments are shown in the following table. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Orders: Oilfield Services Equipment 3,807 4,178 (371) 11,500 12,470 (970) Gas Technology Equipment 1,088 2,813 (1,725) 3,810 6,070 (2,260) Gas Technology Services 778 724 54 2,239 2,196 43 Total Gas Technology 1,866 3,537 (1,671) 6,049 8,266 (2,217) Industrial Products 494 477 17 1,564 1,555 9 Industrial Solutions 293 271 23 831 797 34 Controls (1) 
 66 (66) Total Industrial Technology 787 748 40 2,395 2,418 (23) Climate Technology Solutions (2) 
 215 49 166 800 463 336 Industrial Energy Technology 2,868 4,334 (1,465) 9,244 11,148 (1,904) Total 6,676 8,512 (1,836) 20,744 23,618 (2,874) 
 (1) The sale of our controls business was completed in April 2023. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total new energy orders incorporates CTS in IET of 0.2 billion and 0.8 billion, respectively. 
 The Remaining Performance Obligations ("RPO") relate to the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations. As of September 30, 2024, RPO totaled 33.4 billion, of which OFSE totaled 3.2 billion, and IET totaled 30.2 billion. 
 The Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to the Third Quarter of 2023 
 Revenue increased 267 million, or 4 , to 6.9 billion. OFSE increased 12 million and IET increased 254 million. 
 Selling, general and administrative decreased 15 million, or 2 , to 612 million, and our Corporate costs, which are primarily reported within this financial measure, decreased 3 million, or 3 , to 91 million. These decreases were driven primarily by cost optimization initiatives, partially offset by inflationary pressure. 
 Operating income increased 216 million, or 30 , to 930 million, driven primarily by: improved performance in margins from both segments, price, and continued benefit of cost optimization initiatives, partially offset by inflationary pressure and unfavorable business mix. 
 We recorded other non-operating income of 134 million in the third quarter of 2024, which included a net gain of 99 million from the change in fair value for certain equity investments. In the third quarter of 2023, we recorded 94 million of other non-operating income. Included in this amount was a net gain of 99 million from the change in fair value for certain equity investments. 
 Net interest expense incurred in the third quarter of 2024 was 55 million, which includes interest income of 18 million. Net interest expense increased 6 million compared to the third quarter of 2023, with lower interest income primarily driven by lower average cash on deposit. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 28 

We recorded income taxes in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 of 235 million. The difference between the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 and the effective tax rate is primarily related to income in jurisdictions with tax rates higher than in the U.S. and losses with no tax benefit due to valuation allowances, partially offset by income subject to U.S. tax at an effective rate less than 21 due to valuation allowances. 
 Segment Revenues and Segment Operating Income 
 Oilfield Services Equipment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Revenue 
 Well Construction 1,050 1,128 (77) Completions, Intervention Measurements 1,009 1,085 (77) Production Solutions 983 967 16 Subsea Surface Pressure Systems 921 770 151 Total 
 3,963 3,951 12 Operating income 
 547 465 83 Operating margin (1) 
 13.8 11.8 2pts 
 (1) Operating margin is defined as operating income divided by revenue. 
 OFSE revenue of 3,963 million increased 12 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by Subsea Surface Pressure Systems ("SSPS"). From a geographical perspective, international revenue was 2,992 million, an increase of 106 million from the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by the Europe/CIS/Sub-Saharan Africa regions, partially offset by the Latin America and Middle East/Asia regions. North America revenue was 971 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 93 million from the third quarter of 2023. 
 OFSE segment operating income was 547 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 465 million in the third quarter of 2023. The improved performance in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by higher price, cost-out initiatives, and operational efficiencies driving productivity, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and inflationary pressure. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 29 

Industrial Energy Technology 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Revenue 
 Gas Technology Equipment 
 1,281 1,227 54 Gas Technology Services 
 697 637 59 Total Gas Technology 1,978 1,865 113 Industrial Products 
 520 520 1 Industrial Solutions 257 243 14 Total Industrial Technology 777 763 14 Climate Technology Solutions 191 63 127 Total 
 2,945 2,691 254 Operating income 
 474 346 128 Operating margin (1) 
 16.1 12.9 3.2pts 
 (1) Operating margin is defined as operating income divided by revenue. 
 IET revenue of 2,945 million increased 254 million, or 9 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by Climate Technology Solutions and across the Gas Technology business and, to a lesser extent, in Industrial Technology. 
 IET segment operating income was 474 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 346 million in the third quarter of 2023. The improved performance in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily driven by higher volume, price, and cost-out initiatives, partially offset by inflationary pressure. 
 The First Nine Months of 2024 Compared to the First Nine Months of 2023 
 Revenue increased 1,794 million, or 10 , to 20.5 billion, driven by both segments. OFSE increased 352 million and IET increased 1,442 million. 
 Selling, general and administrative decreased 104 million, or 5 , to 1,873 million, and our Corporate costs, which are primarily reported within this financial measure, decreased 21 million, or 7 , to 271 million. These decreases were driven primarily by cost optimization initiatives, partially offset by inflationary pressure. 
 Operating income increased 750 million, or 45 , to 2,416 million, driven primarily by: improved performance within each segment , increased volume, price, and continued benefit of cost optimization initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and inflationary pressure. 
 Restructuring, impairment, and other charges were 21 million in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 161 million in the first nine months of 2023. The charges in the first nine months of 2023 primarily related to employee termination expenses driven by actions taken to facilitate the reorganization into two segments and to optimize our corporate structure. In addition, costs were incurred related to exit activities at specific locations in our segments to align with our current market outlook and to rationalize our manufacturing supply chain footprint. 
 Other n on-operating income in the first nine months of 2024 was 200 million, which included a gain of 171 million from the change in fair value for certain equity investments. For the first nine months of 2023, we recorded 638 million of other non-operating income. Included in this amount was a gain of 639 million from the change in fair value for certain equity investments. 
 Net interest expense in the first nine months of 2024 was 143 million, which includes interest income of 74 million. Net interest expense decreased 28 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, primarily driven by 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 30 

higher interest income from the net impact of interest income and FX on cash held in Argentina and, to a lesser extent, lower interest expense following debt repayments. 
 In the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the provision for income taxes was 656 million and 614 million, respectively. The difference between the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 and the effective tax rate is primarily related to income in jurisdictions with tax rates higher than in the U.S. and losses with no tax benefit due to valuation allowances, partially offset by income subject to U.S. tax at an effective rate less than 21 due to valuation allowances. 
 Segment Revenues and Segment Operating Income 
 Oilfield Services Equipment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Revenue 
 Well Construction 3,201 3,265 (64) Completions, Intervention Measurements 3,132 3,084 47 Production Solutions 2,886 2,863 23 Subsea Surface Pressure Systems 2,538 2,192 346 Total 
 11,757 11,405 352 Operating income 
 1,462 1,253 209 Operating margin (1) 
 12.4 11.0 1.4pts 
 (1) Operating margin is defined as operating income divided by revenue. 
 OFSE revenue of 11,757 million increased 352 million, or 3 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, driven by SSPS and international markets, partially offset by North America. From a geographical perspective, international revenue was 8,773 million, an increase of 466 million from the first nine months of 2023, primarily driven by the Europe/CIS/Sub-Saharan Africa region, partially offset by the Latin America region. North America revenue was 2,984 million in the first nine months of 2024, a decrease of 113 million from the first nine months of 2023. 
 OFSE segment operating income was 1,462 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1,253 million in the first nine months of 2023 . The improved performance was primarily driven by higher volume, price, and cost-out initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and inflationary pressure. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 31 

Industrial Energy Technology 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Revenue 
 Gas Technology Equipment 
 4,030 3,026 1,004 Gas Technology Services 
 2,002 1,886 115 Total Gas Technology 6,032 4,913 1,119 Industrial Products 
 1,492 1,449 43 Industrial Solutions 
 783 707 76 Controls (1) 
 41 (41) Total Industrial Technology 2,275 2,197 78 Climate Technology Solutions 402 156 245 Total 8,708 7,267 1,442 Operating income 
 1,246 898 348 Operating margin (2) 
 14.3 12.4 1.9pts 
 (1) The sale of our controls business was completed in April 2023. 
 (2) Operating margin is defined as operating income divided by revenue. 
 IET revenue of 8,708 million increased 1,442 million, or 20 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by Gas Technology (predominately in GTE) and, to a lesser extent, in CTS and Industrial Technology. 
 IET segment operating income was 1,246 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 898 million in the first nine months of 2023. The improved performance in the first nine months of 2024 was driven by higher volume, price, and cost-out initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable business mix and inflationary pressure. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our objective in financing our business is to maintain sufficient liquidity, adequate financial resources, and financial flexibility in order to fund the requirements of our business. We continue to maintain solid financial strength and liquidity. At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 2.7 billion compared to 2.6 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 In the U.S. we held cash and cash equivalents of approximately 0.5 billion and 0.6 billion and outside the U.S. of approximately 2.2 billion and 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. A substantial portion of the cash held outside the U.S. at September 30, 2024 has been reinvested in active non-U.S. business operations. If we decide at a later date to repatriate certain cash to the U.S., we may incur other additional taxes that would not be significant to the total tax provision. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 785 million and 637 million, respectively, of cash held in countries with currency controls that limit the flow of cash out of the jurisdiction or limit our ability to transfer funds without potentially incurring substantial costs. These funds are available to fund operations and growth in their respective jurisdictions, and we do not currently anticipate a need to transfer these funds to the U.S. 
 We have a 3.0 billion committed unsecured revolving credit facility ("the Credit Agreement") with commercial banks maturing in November 2028. The Credit Agreement contains certain representations and warranties, certain affirmative covenants and negative covenants, in each case we consider customary. No related events of default have occurred. The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Baker Hughes. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no borrowings under the Credit Agreement. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 32 

Certain Senior Notes contain covenants that restrict our ability to take certain actions. See "Note 8. Debt" of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report for further details. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. Our next debt maturity is December 2026. 
 We continuously review our liquidity and capital resources. If market conditions were to change, for instance due to the uncertainty created by geopolitical events, a global pandemic, or a significant decline in oil and gas prices, and our revenue was reduced significantly or operating costs were to increase significantly, our cash flows and liquidity could be negatively impacted. Additionally, it could cause the rating agencies to lower our credit ratings. There are no ratings triggers that would accelerate the maturity of any borrowings under our committed credit facility; however, a downgrade in our credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowings under the credit facility. Should this occur, we could seek alternative sources of funding, including borrowing under the credit facility. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we dispersed cash to fund a variety of activities including certain working capital needs, capital expenditures, the payment of dividends, and repurchases of our common stock. 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) each type of activity were as follows for the nine months ended September 30: 
 (In millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities 2,142 2,130 Investing activities (799) (503) Financing activities (1,293) (861) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 2,142 million and 2,130 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our largest source of operating cash is payments from customers, of which the largest component is collecting cash related to our sales of products and services, including advance payments or progress collections for work to be performed. The primary use of operating cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities, and others for a wide range of goods and services. 
 Cash generated from operating activities is primarily driven by net income adjusted for certain noncash items (including depreciation, amortization, gain on equity securities, stock-based compensation cost, deferred tax provision, and the impairment of certain assets). 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net working capital cash usage was 57 million, mainly due to an increase in inventory and contract assets as we continue to build for growth, partially offset by accounts receivables. Included in the cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are payments of 187 million made primarily for employee severance as a result of our restructuring activities. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net working capital cash generation was 19 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, mainly due to strong progress collections on equipment contracts, mostly offset by an increase in receivables and inventory as we built for growth. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities were 799 million and 503 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Our principal recurring investing activity is the funding of capital expenditures including property, plant, and equipment ("PP E") and software, to support and generate revenue from operations. Expenditures for capital assets were 925 million and 868 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, partially offset by cash flows from the disposal of PP E of 145 million and 150 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Proceeds from the disposal of assets are primarily related to 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 33 

equipment that was lost-in-hole, predominantly in OFSE, and PP E no longer used in operations that was sold throughout the period. 
 We had proceeds from the sale of certain equity securities of 21 million and 372 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we completed the acquisition of businesses for total cash consideration of 301 million, net of cash acquired, which consisted primarily of the acquisition of Altus Intervention in the OFSE segment in the second quarter of 2023. We also completed the sale of businesses and received total cash consideration of 293 million, which consisted primarily of the sale of our Nexus Controls business in the IET segment in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities were 1,293 million and 861 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repaid long-term debt of 134 million primarily related to debentures that matured in the second quarter of 2024. We increased our quarterly dividend during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 by one cent to 0.21 and 0.20 per share, respectively. We paid dividends of 628 million and 586 million to our Class A shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We repurchased and canceled 15.0 million shares of Class A common stock for a total of 476 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we repurchased and canceled 7.0 million shares of Class A common stock for a total of 219 million. 
 Cash Requirements 
 We believe cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities, the available revolving credit facility, access to our uncommitted lines of credit, and availability under our existing shelf registrations of debt will provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity in the short-term and long-term to manage our working capital needs, meet contractual obligations, fund capital expenditures and dividends, repay debt, repurchase our common stock, and support the development of our short-term and long-term operating strategies. 
 Our capital expenditures can be adjusted and managed by us to match market demand and activity levels. We continue to believe that based on current market conditions, capital expenditures in 2024 are expected to be made at a rate that would equal up to 5 of annual revenue. The expenditures are expected to be used primarily for normal, recurring items necessary to support our business. 
 We currently anticipate making income tax payments in the range of 900 million to 950 million in 2024. 
 Other Factors Affecting Liquidity 
 Customer receivables : In line with industry practice, we may bill our customers for services provided in arrears dependent upon contractual terms. In a challenging economic environment, we may experience delays in the payment of our invoices due to customers' lower cash flow from operations or their more limited access to credit markets. While historically there have not been material non-payment events, we attempt to mitigate this risk through working with our customers to restructure their debts. In regards to our primary customer in Mexico, we have not historically had any material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable, nor are these balances currently in dispute. During 2024, we have issued a total of 475 million Credit Default Swaps to financial institutions, which were used to support borrowings for this customer, the proceeds from which were used to repay outstanding receivables. 
 A customer's failure or delay in payment could have a material adverse effect on our short-term liquidity and results of operations. Our gross customer receivables in the U.S. were 15 as of September 30, 2024. No other country accounted for more than 10 of our gross customer receivables at this date. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 34 

International operations : Our cash that is held outside the U.S. is 83 of the total cash balance as of September 30, 2024. Depending on the jurisdiction or country where this cash is held, we may not be able to use this cash quickly and efficiently due to exchange or cash controls that could make it challenging. As a result, our cash balance may not represent our ability to quickly and efficiently use this cash. 
 Guarantor Information 
 We have senior unsecured notes and senior unsecured debentures (collectively the "Debt Securities") outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of 5.8 billion as of September 30, 2024, with maturities ranging from 2024 to 2047. The Debt Securities constitute debt obligations of Baker Hughes Holdings LLC ("BHH LLC"), an indirect, 100 owned subsidiary and the primary operating company of Baker Hughes, and Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc, a 100 -owned finance subsidiary of BHH LLC (the "Issuers") that was incorporated for the sole purpose of serving as a corporate co-obligor of debt securities. The Debt Securities are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by us and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's other senior and unsecured debt obligations. 
 As permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of Regulation S-X, we have excluded summarized financial information for the Issuers because the combined assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the Issuers are not materially different than the corresponding amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and would not provide incremental value to investors. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our critical accounting estimation processes are consistent with those described in Item 7 of Part II, "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2023 Annual Report. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (each a "forward-looking statement"). All statements, other than historical facts, including statements regarding the presentation of the Company's operations in future reports and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements concern future circumstances and results and other statements that are not historical facts and are sometimes identified by the words "may," "will," "should," "potential," "intend," "expect," "would," "seek," "anticipate," "estimate," "overestimate," "underestimate," "believe," "could," "project," "predict," "continue," "target," "goal" or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. The inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations include, among others, the risk factors identified in the "Risk Factors" section of Part II of Item 1A of this report and Part 1 of Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report and those set forth from time-to-time in other filings by the Company with the SEC. These documents are available through our website or through the SEC's Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval (EDGAR) system at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or developments, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk affecting us, see Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," in our 2023 Annual Report. Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2023. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 35 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 36 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See discussion of legal proceedings in "Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies" of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report, Item 3 of Part I of our 2023 Annual Report and Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 As of the date of this filing, the Company and our operations continue to be subject to the risk factors previously discussed in the "Risk Factors" sections contained in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The following table contains information about our purchases of our Class A common stock equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 Per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (3)(4) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (3)(4) 
 July 1-31, 2024 
 9,449 35.25 1,893,645,541 August 1-31, 2024 
 24,541 35.35 1,893,645,541 September 1-30, 2024 
 4,486,105 33.88 4,480,285 1,741,865,699 Total 4,520,095 33.89 4,480,285 
 (1) Represents Class A common stock purchased from employees to satisfy the tax withholding obligations primarily in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 (2) Average price paid for Class A common stock purchased from employees to satisfy the tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and shares purchased in the open market under our publicly announced purchase program. 
 (3) On July 30, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 2 billion of its Class A common stock. On October 27, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to our repurchase program of 2 billion of additional Class A common stock, increasing its existing repurchase authorization of 2 billion to 4 billion. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. 
 (4) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 4.5 million shares of Class A common stock at an average price of 33.88 per share for a total of 152 million. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 We have no mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K to report for the current quarter. 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 37 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 or trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our Class A common stock in amounts and prices determined in accordance with a formula set forth in each such plan: 
 Name and Title Action Date Plans Number of Shares to be Sold Expiration Rule 10b5-1 (1) 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 (2) 
 , 
 
 X Earlier of when all shares under plan are sold and 
 
 (1) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) 
 (2) Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Each exhibit identified below is filed as a part of this report. Exhibits designated with an " " are filed as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Exhibits designated with an " " are furnished as an exhibit to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Exhibits designated with a "+" are identified as management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. Exhibits previously filed are incorporated by reference. 
 2 2.1 
 List of Subsidiary Guarantors of Guaranteed Securities. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Lorenzo Simonelli, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Nancy Buese, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32 
 Certification of Lorenzo Simonelli, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Nancy Buese, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Baker Hughes Company (Registrant) Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ NANCY BUESE Nancy Buese Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: October 23, 2024 By: /s/ REBECCA CHARLTON 
 Rebecca Charlton Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Baker Hughes Company 2024 Third Quarter Form 10-Q | 39 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 bakerhughes10-qexhibit221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 Exhibit 22.1 

 BAKER HUGHES COMPANY SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 
 The below chart lists the subsidiaries of Baker Hughes Company that are obligors of the 2.061 Senior Notes due December 2026, 3.337 Senior Notes due December 2027, 3.138 Senior Notes due November 2029, 4.486 Senior Notes due May 2030, 5.125 Notes due September 2040 and 4.080 Senior Notes due December 2047 (collectively, the Senior Notes and the 6.875 Notes due January 2029 (the 2029 Notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation Role Baker Hughes Holdings LLC (formerly Baker Hughes, a GE company, LLC) Delaware 
 Obligor 
 Baker Hughes Co-Obligor, Inc. Delaware 
 Obligor 

The Senior Notes are each fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Baker Hughes Company pursuant to that Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2023, to the Indenture, dated as of October 28, 2008, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. The 2029 Notes are each fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Baker Hughes Company pursuant to that Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2023, to the Indenture, dated as of May 15, 1991, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 
 Baker Hughes Confidential 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bkr20240930exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Lorenzo Simonelli, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Baker Hughes Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Lorenzo Simonelli Lorenzo Simonelli President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bkr20240930exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Nancy Buese, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Baker Hughes Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 23, 2024 By s Nancy Buese Nancy Buese Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 bkr20240930exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Baker Hughes Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Lorenzo Simonelli, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Nancy Buese, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 The certification is given to the knowledge of the undersigned. s Lorenzo Simonelli Name Lorenzo Simonelli Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date October 23, 2024 s Nancy Buese Name Nancy Buese Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date October 23, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bkr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bkr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bkr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bkr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bkr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

