<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1475841_0001475841-24-000054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32084819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235658</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2396194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14727466</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3912854</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9576455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001475841-24-000054.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105161452
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001475841-24-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			National Bank Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001475841
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				270563799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35654
		FILM NUMBER:		241427636

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7800 EAST ORCHARD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-892-8715

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7800 EAST ORCHARD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			GREENWOOD VILLAGE
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NBH Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001475841-24-000054.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 nbhc-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: 

 ORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock, each with 0.01 par value per share, excluding 293,616 shares of restricted Class A common stock issued but not yet vested. 

6 

Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 6 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 6 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 8 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 9 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 10 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 11 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 79 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 79 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 81 Item 1A. Risk Factors 81 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 81 Item 5. Other Information 81 Item 6. Exhibits 82 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT S This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, can, would, should, could, may, predict, seek, potential, will, estimate, target, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, intend and similar words or phrases. These statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties. We have based these statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, business strategy and growth prospects. Forward-looking statements involve certain important risks, uncertainties and other factors, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements and, therefore, the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the impact of potential regulatory changes to capital requirements, treatment of investment securities and FDIC deposit insurance levels and costs; our ability to execute our business strategy, including our digital strategy, as well as changes in our business strategy or development plans; business and economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry; effects of any potential government shutdowns; economic, market, operational, liquidity, credit and interest rate risks associated with our business, including increased competition for deposits due to prevailing market interest rates and banking sector volatility; effects of any changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; changes imposed by regulatory agencies to increase our capital to a level greater than the current level required for well-capitalized financial institutions; effects of inflation, including its associated impact on labor costs, as well as interest rate, securities market and monetary supply fluctuations; changes in the economy or supply-demand imbalances affecting local real estate values; changes in consumer spending, borrowings and savings habits; changes in the fair value of our investment securities due to market conditions outside of our control; financial or reputational impacts associated with the increased prevalence of fraud or other financial crimes; with respect to our mortgage business, our inability to negotiate our fees with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae or other investors for the purchase of our loans, our obligation to indemnify purchasers or to repurchase the related loans if the loans fail to meet certain criteria, or higher rate of delinquencies and defaults as a result of the geographic concentration of our servicing portfolio; our ability to identify potential candidates for, obtain regulatory approval for, and consummate, acquisitions, consolidations or other expansion opportunities on attractive terms, or at all; our ability to integrate acquisitions or consolidations and to achieve synergies, operating efficiencies and/or other expected benefits within expected timeframes, or at all, or within expected cost projections, and to preserve the goodwill of acquired financial institutions; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from enhancements or updates to our core operating systems from time to time without significant change in our client service or risk to our control environment; 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 our dependence on information technology and telecommunications systems of third-party service providers and the risk of system failures, interruptions or breaches of security, including those that could result in disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary client or other information; our ability to achieve organic loan and deposit growth and the competition for, and composition of, such growth; changes in sources and uses of funds, including loans, deposits and borrowings; increased competition in the financial services industry, nationally, regionally or locally, resulting in, among other things, lower returns; continued consolidation in the financial services industry; our ability to maintain or increase market share and control expenses; regulatory and financial impacts associated with the Company growing to over 10 billion in consolidated assets; increases in claims and litigation related to our fiduciary responsibilities in connection with our trust and wealth management business; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and other accounting standard setters; the trading price of shares of the Company's stock; the effects of tax legislation, including the potential of future changes to prevailing tax rates, or challenges to our positions; our ability to realize deferred tax assets or the need for a valuation allowance, or the effects of changes in tax laws on our deferred tax assets; costs and effects of changes in laws and regulations and of other legal and regulatory developments, including, but not limited to, changes in regulation that affect the fees that we charge, the resolution of legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries, and the results of regulatory examinations, reviews or other inquiries; and changes in regulations that apply to us as a Colorado state-chartered bank and a Wyoming state-chartered bank; technological changes, including with respect to the advancement of artificial intelligence; the timely development and acceptance of new products and services, including in the digital technology space and our digital solution 2UniFi SM , and perceived overall value of these products and services by our clients; changes in our management personnel and our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; ability to implement and/or improve operational management and other internal risk controls and processes and our reporting system and procedures; regulatory limitations on dividends from our bank subsidiaries; changes in estimates of future credit reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and accounting requirements; financial, reputational, or strategic risks associated with our investments in financial technology companies and initiatives; widespread natural and other disasters, dislocations, political instability, pandemics, acts of war or terrorist activities, cyberattacks or international hostilities through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties specifically; a cybersecurity incident, data breach or a failure of a key information technology system; 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 impact of reputational risk on such matters as business generation and retention; other risks and uncertainties listed from time to time in the Company s reports and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances, except as required by applicable law. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATIO N Item 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available-for-sale (at fair value) Investment securities held-to-maturity (fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Non-marketable securities Loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Loans held for sale Other real estate owned Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing demand deposits Interest bearing demand deposits Savings and money market Time deposits Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Long-term debt, net Federal Home Loan bank advances Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value per share: shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock of and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity See accompanying notes to the consolidated interim financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on investment securities Dividends on non-marketable securities Interest on interest bearing bank deposits Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision for credit loss expense Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges Bank card fees Mortgage banking income Bank-owned life insurance income Other non-interest income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Marketing and business development FDIC deposit insurance Bank card expenses Professional fees Other non-interest expense Other intangible assets amortization Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to the consolidated interim financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax (expense) benefit of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and net of tax (expense) benefit of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively ) ) Less: amortization of net unrealized holding gains to income, net of tax benefit of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and net of tax benefit of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax (expense) benefit of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and net of tax (expense) benefit of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income, net of tax benefit of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively; and net of tax (expense) benefit of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes to the consolidated interim financial statements. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the three months ended September 30, Accumulated Additional other Common paid-in Retained Treasury comprehensive stock capital earnings stock (loss) income, net Total Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

For the nine months ended September 30, Accumulated Additional other Common paid-in Retained Treasury comprehensive stock capital earnings stock (loss) income, net Total Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income - Stock-based compensation Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans, including gain on reissuance of treasury stock of , net ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying notes to the consolidated interim financial statements. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit loss expense Depreciation and amortization Change in current income tax receivable Change in deferred income taxes ) Discount accretion, net of premium amortization on securities ) ) Gain on sale of mortgages, net ) ) Origination of loans held for sale, net of repayments ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of mortgage servicing rights ) ) Proceeds from sales of mortgage servicing rights Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights ) Impairment on fixed assets related to banking center consolidations Gain on sale of fixed assets ) ) Stock-based compensation Operating lease payments ) ) Change in other assets ) ) Change in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from non-marketable securities Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of investment securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Purchases of non-marketable securities ) ) Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) Purchases of investment securities held-to-maturity ) Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Net cash activity for acquisitions ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net (decrease) increase in repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings ) Net payments to the Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) Issuance of stock under purchase and equity compensation plans ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of dividends ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year (1) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (1) Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information during the period: Cash paid for interest Net tax payments Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: Loans transferred from loans held for sale to loans 

(1) Included in restricted cash at September 30, 2023 was million placed in escrow for certain potential liabilities, for which the Company was indemnified, resulting from a previous acquisition. The restricted cash was included in other assets in the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. At September 30, 2024, there was no restricted cash. See accompanying notes to the consolidated interim financial statements. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 banking centers, as of September 30, 2024, located primarily in Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho, as well as through online and mobile banking products and services. The accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements serve to update the National Bank Holdings Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, NBH Bank, Bank of Jackson Hole Trust and 2UniFi, LLC. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and, where applicable, with general practices in the banking industry or guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory agencies. However, they may not include all information and notes necessary to constitute a complete set of financial statements under GAAP applicable to annual periods and accordingly should be read in conjunction with the financial information contained in the Company's most recent Form 10-K . The unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair statement of the results presented. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain reclassifications of prior years' amounts are made whenever necessary to conform to current period presentation. The results of operations for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year or any other interim period. All amounts are in thousands, except share data, or as otherwise noted. GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, estimates are based on judgment and available information. Management has made significant estimates in certain areas, such as the fair values of financial instruments, contingent liabilities and the allowance for credit losses ACL ). Because of the inherent uncertainties associated with any estimation process and future changes in market and economic conditions, it is possible that actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company's significant accounting policies followed in the preparation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 2 of the audited financial statements and notes for the year ended December 31, 2023 and are contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K . There have been no significant changes to the application of significant accounting policies since December 31, 2023. billion at September 30, 2024 and included billion of available-for-sale securities and billion of held-to-maturity securities. At December 31, 2023, investment securities totaled billion and included billion of available-for-sale securities and billion of held-to-maturity securities. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Municipal securities Corporate debt ) Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale ) 

December 31, 2023 Amortized Gross Gross cost unrealized gains unrealized losses Fair value U.S. Treasury securities ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Municipal securities ) Corporate debt ) Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale ) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, purchases of available-for-sale securities totaled million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were purchases of available-for-sale securities. Maturities and paydowns of available-for-sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled million and million, respectively. There were sales of available-for-sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio was primarily comprised of U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities MBS ). All mortgage-backed securities were backed by government sponsored enterprises GSE collateral such as Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC and Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA and the government owned agency Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ). 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Municipal securities Corporate debt ) ) Total ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Total ) ) ) Management regularly monitors the investment securities portfolio in its entirety and further evaluates all of the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position. The portfolio included securities, which were in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024, compared to securities at December 31, 2023. The unrealized losses in the Company's investment portfolio at September 30, 2024 were caused by changes in interest rates. The Company has no intention to sell these securities and believes it will not be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. Management believes that default of the available-for-sale securities is highly unlikely. FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury securities have a long history of zero credit losses, an explicit guarantee by the U.S. government (although limited for FNMA and FHLMC securities) and yields that generally trade based on market views of prepayment and liquidity risk rather than credit risk. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale 

December 31, 2023 AAA Not rated Total U.S. Treasury securities Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Other securities Total investment securities available-for-sale Based upon the downgrade of U.S. government securities by certain rating agencies, the Company updated the rating from AAA to AA+. Certain securities are pledged as collateral for public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and to secure borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank FRB ), if needed. The fair value of available-for-sale investment securities pledged as collateral totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company may also pledge available-for-sale investment securities as collateral for Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances. securities were pledged for this purpose at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 million as of September 30, 2024 that have no stated contractual maturity date. 

September 30, 2024 Weighted Amortized cost Fair value average yield U.S. Treasury securities Within one year After one but within five years Total U.S. Treasury securities Municipal securities Within one year Corporate debt After five but within ten years Total As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest receivable AIR from available-for-sale investment securities totaled million and million, respectively, and was included within other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Held-to-maturity ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Total investment securities held-to-maturity ) 

December 31, 2023 Gross Gross Amortized unrealized unrealized cost gains losses Fair value U.S. Treasury securities ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) Total investment securities held-to-maturity ) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were purchases of held-to-maturity securities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, purchases of held-to-maturity securities totaled million. Maturities and paydowns of held-to-maturity securities totaled million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 securities which were in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, compared to securities at December 31, 2023. The tables below summarize the held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses as of the dates shown, along with the length of the impairment period: 

September 30, 2024 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) Total ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized value losses value losses value losses U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Total ) ) ) The Company does not measure expected credit losses on a financial asset, or group of financial assets, in which historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Management evaluated held-to-maturity securities noting they are backed by loans guaranteed by either U.S. government agencies or U.S. government sponsored entities, and management believes that default is highly unlikely given this governmental backing and long history without credit losses. Additionally, management notes that yields on which the portfolio generally trades are based upon market views of prepayment and liquidity risk and not credit risk. The Company has no intention to sell any held-to-maturity securities and believes it will not be required to sell any held-to-maturity securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Total investment securities held-to-maturity Based upon the downgrade of U.S. government securities by certain rating agencies, the Company updated the rating from AAA to AA+. Certain securities are pledged as collateral for public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and to secure borrowing capacity at the FRB, if needed. The carrying value of held-to-maturity investment securities pledged as collateral totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company may also pledge held-to-maturity investment securities as collateral for FHLB advances. held-to-maturity investment securities were pledged for this purpose at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 After one but within five years Total As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AIR from held-to-maturity investment securities totaled million and million, respectively, and was included within other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Federal Home Loan Bank stock Convertible preferred stock Equity method investments Total Non-marketable securities included FRB stock, FHLB stock, convertible preferred stock and equity method investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, purchases of non-marketable securities totaled million, and proceeds from redemptions and sales of non-marketable securities totaled million. Purchases consisted primarily of FHLB stock, and proceeds consisted primarily of redemptions of FHLB stock. Changes in the Company s FHLB stock holdings were directly correlated to FHLB line of credit advances and paydowns. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, purchases of non-marketable securities totaled million, and proceeds from non-marketable securities totaled million. FRB and FHLB stock At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held FRB stock and FHLB stock for regulatory or debt facility purposes. These are restricted securities which, lacking a market, are carried at cost. There have been identified events or changes in circumstances that may have an adverse effect on the FRB and FHLB stock carried at cost. Convertible preferred stock Non-marketable securities include convertible preferred stock without a readily determinable fair value. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of impairment on convertible preferred stock related to venture capital investments, included in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of impairment on convertible preferred stock related to venture capital investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold convertible preferred stock totaling million, which generated realized gains of million recorded in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company purchased and million of convertible preferred stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Equity method investments Non-marketable securities also include equity method investments totaling million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value totaling million and 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net unrealized gains on equity method investments totaling million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net unrealized losses on equity method investments totaling and million, respectively. These gains and losses were recorded in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Carrying values of equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value are updated periodically and impairments may be taken to reflect a new basis. The Company recorded impairment related to equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total 

December 31, 2023 Total loans of total Commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Consumer Total Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 

December 31, 2023 Greater 30-89 days than 90 days Total past past due and past due and Non-accrual due and accruing accruing loans non-accrual Current Total loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction Acquisition/development Multifamily Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans 

December 31, 2023 Non-accrual loans Non-accrual loans with a related with no related allowance for allowance for Non-accrual credit loss credit loss loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Total loans Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. Loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties may be modified. Modified loans are discussed in more detail below. There was interest income recognized from non-accrual loans during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

 19 

Table of Contents 

20 

Table of Contents 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Gross charge-offs: Commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit: Pass Special mention Total municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner occupied commercial real estate Gross charge-offs: Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness: Pass Special mention Substandard Total food and agribusiness Gross charge-offs: Food and agribusiness Total commercial Gross charge-offs: Commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction: Pass Special mention Total construction Acquisition/development: Pass Special mention Substandard Total acquisition/development Multifamily: Pass Special mention Total multifamily Non-owner occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total non-owner occupied Gross charge-offs: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Gross charge-offs: Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total senior lien Junior lien Pass Special mention 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Total junior lien Total residential real estate Consumer Pass Substandard Total consumer Gross charge-offs: Consumer Total loans Gross charge-offs: Total loans 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Gross charge-offs: Commercial and industrial Municipal and non-profit: Pass Total municipal and non-profit Owner occupied commercial real estate: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total food and agribusiness Total commercial Gross charge-offs: Commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Construction: Pass Total construction Acquisition/development: Pass Special mention Total acquisition/development Multifamily: Pass Total multifamily Non-owner occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total senior lien Gross charge-offs: Senior lien Junior lien Pass Special mention Substandard Total junior lien Total residential real estate Gross charge-offs: Residential real estate Consumer Pass Substandard Total consumer Gross charge-offs: Consumer Total loans Gross charge-offs: Total loans 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 thousand or more and includes collateral-dependent loans less than 250 thousand within the general allowance population. Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Total loans 

December 31, 2023 Total amortized Real property Business assets cost basis Commercial: Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Food and agribusiness Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Total residential real estate Total loans 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Loan modifications The Company s policy is to review each prospective credit to determine the appropriateness and the adequacy of security or collateral prior to making a loan. In the event of borrower default, the Company seeks recovery in compliance with lending laws, the respective loan agreements, and credit monitoring and remediation procedures that may include modifying a loan to provide a concession by the Company to the borrower from their original terms due to borrower financial difficulties in order to facilitate repayment. The Company considers loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, where such a concession is utilized, to be troubled debt modifications TDM ). TDMs may include principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant-payment delays, term extensions or any combination thereof. Total commercial Residential real estate: Junior lien Total residential real estate Total loans The following schedules present, by loan class, the amortized cost basis for loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that remain outstanding and were modified within the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Combination - interest rate Combination - term extension Term extension Payment delay reduction and term extension and payment delay Amortized of loan Amortized of loan Amortized of loan Amortized of loan cost basis class cost basis class cost basis class cost basis class Commercial: Commercial and industrial Owner occupied commercial real estate Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Total loans 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Total residential real estate Total loans Owner occupied commercial real estate Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Junior lien Total residential real estate Total loans 

September 30, 2023 Current 30-89 days past due Non-accrual Commercial: Commercial and industrial Total commercial Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate: Senior lien Total residential real estate Total loans Accrual of interest is resumed on loans that were previously on non-accrual only after the loan has performed sufficiently for a period of time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had TDMs that were modified within the past 12 months that defaulted on their modified terms. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had TDMs with amortized costs totaling million that were modified within the past 12 months, utilizing a combination of a term extension and payment delays, that defaulted on their modified terms. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had TDM with an amortized cost totaling million that was modified within the past twelve months, utilizing a term extension, that defaulted on its modified terms. For purposes of this disclosure, the Company considers default to mean 90 days or more past due on principal or interest. The allowance for credit losses related to TDMs on non-accrual status is determined by individual evaluation, including collateral adequacy, using the same process as loans on non-accrual status which are not classified as TDMs. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 years to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Extended a weighted average of years to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Delayed payments for a weighted average of years Owner occupied commercial real estate Delayed payments for a weighted average of years Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Extended a weighted average of years to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Residential real estate: Senior lien Delayed payments for a weighted average of years Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate by and extended a weighted average of to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Extended a weighted average of years to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts and delayed payments for a weighted average of years Junior lien Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate by and extended a weighted average of to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate by and extended a weighted average of to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts 

September 30, 2023 Financial effect Term extension Payment delay Combination - Interest rate reduction and Term extension Commercial: Commercial and industrial Delayed payments for a weighted average of years Commercial real estate non-owner occupied: Non-owner occupied Extended a weighted average of years to the life of loans, which reduced monthly payment amounts Residential real estate: Senior lien Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate by and extended a weighted average life of , which reduced monthly payment amounts 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense for credit losses Ending balance 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Non-owner occupied commercial Residential Commercial real estate real estate Consumer Total Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense for credit losses Ending balance 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 Non-owner occupied commercial Residential Commercial real estate real estate Consumer Total Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense (release) for credit losses ) ) Ending balance 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Non-owner occupied commercial Residential Commercial real estate real estate Consumer Total Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision expense (release) for credit losses ) Ending balance In evaluating the loan portfolio for an appropriate ACL level, excluding loans evaluated individually, loans were grouped into segments based on broad characteristics such as primary use and underlying collateral. Within the segments, the portfolio was further disaggregated into classes of loans with similar attributes and risk characteristics for purposes of developing the underlying data used within the discounted cash flow model including, but not limited to, prepayment and recovery rates as well as loss rates tied to macro-economic conditions within management s reasonable and supportable forecast. The ACL also includes subjective adjustments based upon qualitative risk factors including asset quality, loss trends, lending management, portfolio growth and loan review/internal audit results. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, due to a decrease in specific reserves related to the resolution of non-performing loans. Net charge-offs on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million and million , respectively. The Company recorded an increase in the allowance for credit losses of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, driven by loan growth and higher reserve requirements. Net charge-offs on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. The Company has elected to exclude AIR from the allowance for credit losses calculation. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AIR from loans totaled million and million, respectively. Impairments ) Sales ) ) Ending balance During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold OREO properties with net book balances of million and million, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold OREO properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold OREO properties with net book balances of million. Sales of OREO properties resulted in net OREO gains of and net OREO losses of million, which were included within other non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, sales of OREO properties resulted in net OREO losses of thousand. million as of September 30, 2024. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. goodwill impairment was recorded during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. ) ) Customer relationship intangible ) ) Internally developed technology ) ) Total ) ) The Company is amortizing intangibles from acquisitions over a weighted average period of years from the date of the respective acquisitions. The core deposit and customer relationship intangibles are being amortized over a weighted average period of , and the internally developed technology intangible is being amortized over a weighted average period of . The Company recognized other intangible assets amortization expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. For the year ending December 31, 2025 For the year ending December 31, 2026 For the year ending December 31, 2027 For the year ending December 31, 2028 Servicing Rights Mortgage s ervicing rights Mortgage servicing rights MSRs represent rights to service loans originated by the Company and sold to government-sponsored enterprises including FHLMC, FNMA, GNMA and FHLB and are included in other assets in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Mortgage loans serviced for others were billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Originations Sales ) (Impairment) recovery ) Amortization ) ) Ending balance Fair value of mortgage servicing rights During the third quarter of 2023, the Company sold rights to service loans totaling million in unpaid principal balances from our mortgage servicing rights portfolio. As a result of the sale, the book value of our mortgage servicing rights intangible decreased million and generated a gain of million included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of MSRs was determined based upon a discounted cash flow analysis. The cash flow analysis included assumptions for discount rates and prepayment speeds. Discount rates ranged from to and the constant prepayment speed ranged from to for the September 30, 2024 valuation. The discount rate ranged from to , and the constant prepayment speed ranged from to for the September 30, 2023 valuation. Included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations was servicing income of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. MSRs are evaluated and impairment is recognized to the extent fair value is less than the carrying amount. The Company evaluates impairment by stratifying MSRs based on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying loans, including loan type and loan term. The Company is amortizing the MSRs in proportion to and over the period of the estimated net servicing income of the underlying loans. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 For the year ending December 31, 2025 For the year ending December 31, 2026 For the year ending December 31, 2027 For the year ending December 31, 2028 SBA servicing asset The SBA servicing asset represents the value associated with servicing small business real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. The SBA servicing asset is evaluated and impairment is recognized to the extent fair value is less than the carrying amount. The Company evaluates impairment by stratifying the SBA servicing asset based on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying loans, including loan type and loan term. The Company is amortizing the SBA servicing asset in proportion to and over the period of the estimated net servicing income of the underlying loans. The Company serviced million and million of SBA loans that have been sold into the secondary market, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized SBA servicing asset fee income totaling million and million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized SBA servicing asset fee income totaling million and million, respectively. Below are the changes in the SBA servicing asset for the periods presented: Originations Disposals ) ) Recovery Amortization ) ) Ending balance Fair value of mortgage servicing rights The Company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of SBA loan servicing rights. These assumptions include prepayment speeds, discount rates, and other assumptions. The assumptions used in the valuation were based on input from buyers, brokers and other qualified personnel, as well as market knowledge. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Company s SBA loan servicing rights included weighted average lifetime constant prepayment rates equal to and , respectively, and weighted average discount rates equal to and , respectively. For the year ending December 31, 2025 For the year ending December 31, 2026 For the year ending December 31, 2027 For the year ending December 31, 2028 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. The Company pledged mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for these agreements. The Company monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of excess collateral pledged for repurchase agreements. Federal Home Loan Bank advances As a member of the FHLB, the Banks have access to a line of credit and term financing from the FHLB with total available credit of billion at September 30, 2024. The Company may utilize the FHLB line of credit as a funding mechanism for originated loans and loans held for sale. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Banks had and million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings from the FHLB. The Banks may pledge investment securities and loans as collateral for FHLB advances. There were investment securities pledged for FHLB advances at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Loans pledged were billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company incurred million and million of interest expense related to FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of interest expense related to FHLB advances and other short-term borrowings. Long-term debt The Company holds a subordinated note purchase agreement to issue and sell a fixed-to-floating rate note totaling million. The balance on the note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net of long-term debt issuance costs totaling million, totaled million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense totaling million and million, respectively, was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The note is subordinated, unsecured and matures on November 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the note is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at per annum until November 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From November 15, 2026 until November 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus basis points. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. Prior to November 5, 2026, the Company may redeem the note only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on November 5, 2026 through maturity, the note may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the note being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the note being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. As part of the acquisition of Bank of Jackson Hole BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rate notes totaling million. The balance on the notes at September 30, 2024, net of the fair value adjustment from the acquisition of million, totaled million. At December 31, 2023, the balance on the notes, net of the fair value adjustment from the acquisition of million, totaled million. Interest expense related to the notes totaling million and million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense related to the notes totaling million and million, respectively, was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The notes, containing similar terms, are subordinated, unsecured and mature on June 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at per annum until June 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From June 15, 2026 until June 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 basis points. Prior to June 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the notes only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on June 15, 2026 through maturity, the notes may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. . The Company and the Banks had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions, as detailed in the tables below: N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Common equity tier 1 risk based capital: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Tier 1 risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Total risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Common equity tier 1 risk based capital: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Tier 1 risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust Total risk based capital ratio: Consolidated N/A N/A NBH Bank Bank of Jackson Hole Trust 

(1) Includes the capital conservation buffer of . 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Bank card fees Other non-interest income Non-interest income (in-scope of Topic 606) Non-interest income (out-of-scope of Topic 606) Total non-interest income Non-interest expense In-scope of Topic 606: Other non-interest expense ) ) Total revenue in-scope of Topic 606 Contract acquisition costs The Company utilizes the practical expedient which allows entities to expense immediately contract acquisition costs when the asset that would have resulted from capitalizing these costs would have been amortized in one year or less. The Company has not capitalized any contract acquisition costs. shares. Any shares subject to awards under the 2023 Plan will be counted against the amount available for issuance as one share for every share granted. The 2023 Plan provides for recycling of shares from both the Prior Plan and the 2023 Plan, the terms of which are further described in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Upon an option exercise, it is the Company s policy to issue shares from treasury stock. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Class B Units (intended to be in the form of profit interests) to the employees and other service providers of 2UniFi and its affiliates, including the named executive officers of the Company. The 2UniFi Plan is administered by the Managing Member Board of 2UniFi and any grant of Class B units to an executive officer of the Company is subject to the approval of NBHC s Compensation Committee. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Managing Member Board had granted and units, respectively. The awards vest over a period with of the awards vesting on the third anniversary of the grant date, and vesting on the fourth and fifth anniversary of the grant date, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested units under the plan. Stock options The Company issues stock options, which are primarily time-vesting with 1/3 vesting on each of the first, second and third anniversary of the date of grant or date of hire. The expense associated with the awarded stock options was measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The outstanding option awards vest on a graded basis over - years of continuous service and have 10-year contractual terms. Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 Options vested and expected to vest Stock option expense is a component of salaries and benefits expense in the consolidated statements of operations and totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the plans. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Restricted stock awards The Company issues primarily time-based restricted stock awards that vest over a range of a - year period. Restricted stock with time-based vesting was valued at the fair value of the shares on the date of grant as they are assumed to be held beyond the vesting period. Performance stock units The Company grants performance stock units PSU which represent initial target awards and do not reflect potential increases or decreases resulting from the final performance results, which are to be determined at the end of the performance period (vesting date). The actual number of shares to be awarded at the end of the performance period will range from - of the initial target awards. For PSU components granted in 2024, one -third of the award is based on the Company s cumulative earnings per share (EPS target), one -third is based on the Company s relative return on tangible assets ROTA ), and one -third is based on the 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 , , and , respectively. The initial weighted-average performance price for the TSR target portion granted during 2024 was . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company canceled units due to final performance results related to performance stock units granted in 2021. For PSU components granted in 2023 and 2022, percent of the award was based on the Company s cumulative EPS and percent of the award was based on the Company s cumulative TSR during the performance period. On the vesting date, the Company s TSR will be compared to the respective TSRs of the companies comprising the KBW Regional Index at the grant date to determine the shares awarded. Granted Adjustment due to performance ) Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested restricted stock awards and performance stock units totaled million and million, respectively, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years and years, respectively. Expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Expense related to non-vested performance stock units totaled million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards and units is a component of salaries and benefits expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Employee stock purchase plan The 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP is intended to be a qualified plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions up to a limit of per calendar year and shares per offering period. The price an employee pays for shares is of the fair market value of Company common stock on the last day of the offering period. The offering periods are the periods commencing on March 1 and September 1 of each year and ending on August 31 and February 28 (or February 29 in the case of a leap year) of each year. There are no vesting or other restrictions on the stock purchased by employees under the ESPP. Under the ESPP, the total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance totaled shares, of which was available for issuance at September 30, 2024. Under the ESPP, employees purchased shares and shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 and shares of Class A common stock outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company had and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of restricted Class A common stock issued but not yet vested under the 2023 Omnibus Incentive Plan that are not included in shares outstanding until such time that they are vested; however, these shares do have voting and certain dividend rights during the vesting period. On May 9, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to million of the Company s stock from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The remaining authorization under the current program as of September 30, 2024 was million. and shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, exclusive of issued non-vested restricted shares. Certain stock options and non-vested restricted shares are potentially dilutive securities, but are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because to do so would have been anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Less: income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Income allocated to common shareholders Weighted average shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Dilutive effect of equity awards Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share The Company had and outstanding stock options to purchase common stock at weighted average exercise prices of and per share at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which have time-vesting criteria, and as such, any dilution is derived only for the timeframe in which the vesting criteria had been met and where the inclusion of those stock options is dilutive. The Company had and unvested restricted shares and performance stock units issued as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which have performance, market and/or time-vesting criteria, and as such, any dilution is derived only for the timeframe in which the vesting criteria had been met and where the inclusion of those restricted shares and units is dilutive. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate products Other assets Other liabilities Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Other liabilities Forward contracts Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Cash flow hedges The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest income and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses floors and collars as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate floors designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates fall below the strike rate on the contract in exchange for an up-front premium. Interest rate collars designated as cash flow hedges involve the payments of variable-rate amounts if interest rates rise above the cap strike rate on the contract and receipt of variable-rate amounts if interest rates fall below the floor strike rate on the contract. For derivatives that qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into interest income in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis. The earnings recognition of excluded components is included in interest income. Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest income as interest payments are received on the Company s variable-rate assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash flow hedges with a notional amount of million. The Company expects to reclassify million from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI as a reduction to interest income during the next 12 months. Fair value hedges Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million, which were designated as fair value hedges of interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million that were designated as fair value hedges. These interest rate swaps were associated with million and million of the Company s fixed-rate loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, including a loss of million and a gain of million from the fair value hedge adjustment in the carrying amount. The loss is included in loans receivable in the statements of financial condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Fair value hedge adjustments included basis adjustments on terminated positions to be amortized through the contractual maturity date of each respective hedged item. Excluding those terminated positions, the fair value hedge adjustments consisted of losses totaling million and gains totaling million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, related to this program. Derivative fee income from non-designated hedges totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, derivative fee income from non-designated hedges totaled million and million, respectively. As part of its mortgage banking activities, the Company enters into interest rate lock commitments, which are commitments to originate loans where the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding and the clients have locked into that interest rate. The Company then locks in the loan and interest rate with an investor and commits to deliver the loan if settlement occurs ("best efforts") or commits to deliver the locked loan in a binding ("mandatory") delivery program with an investor. Fair value changes of certain loans under interest rate lock commitments are hedged with forward sales contracts of MBS. Forward sales contracts of MBS are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in non-interest income. Interest rate lock commitments and commitments to deliver loans to investors are considered derivatives. The market value of interest rate lock commitments and best efforts contracts are not readily ascertainable with precision because they are not actively traded in stand-alone markets. The Company determines the fair value of interest rate lock commitments and delivery contracts by measuring the fair value of the underlying assets. The fair value of the underlying assets is impacted by current interest rates, remaining origination fees, costs of production to be incurred and the probability that the interest rate lock commitments will close or will be funded. Certain additional risks arise from these forward delivery contracts in that the counterparties to the contracts may not be able to meet the terms of the contracts. The Company does not expect any counterparty to any MBS contract to fail to meet its obligation. Additional risks inherent in mandatory delivery programs include the risk that, if the Company fails to deliver the loans subject to interest rate risk lock commitments, it will still be obligated to pair off MBS to the counterparty. Should this be required, the Company could incur significant costs in acquiring replacement loans and such costs could have an adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements. The fair value of the mortgage banking derivative is recorded as a freestanding asset or liability with the change in value being recognized in current earnings during the period of change. The Company had interest rate lock commitments with a notional value of million and forward contracts with a notional value of million at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, the Company had interest rate lock commitments with a notional value of million and forward contracts with a notional value of million . 

 40 

Table of Contents) ) 

Location of gain (loss) Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on hedged items recognized in income on For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, Hedged items hedged items 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate products Interest and fees on loans ) ) 

Location of gain (loss) Amount of gain recognized in income on derivatives Derivatives not designated recognized in income on For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, as hedging instruments derivatives 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest rate products Other non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking income Forward contracts Mortgage banking income ) Total Interest income ) ) ) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Loss recognized in OCI on derivatives Loss recognized in OCI included component Loss recognized in OCI excluded component Location of loss recognized from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income included component Loss reclassified from AOCI into income excluded component Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate products ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Loss recognized in OCI on derivatives Loss recognized in OCI included component Loss recognized in OCI excluded component Location of loss recognized from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income included component Loss reclassified from AOCI into income excluded component Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate products ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Loss recognized in OCI on derivatives Loss recognized in OCI included component Loss recognized in OCI excluded component Location of loss recognized from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income Loss reclassified from AOCI into income included component Loss reclassified from AOCI into income excluded component Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate products ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties and, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had met these thresholds. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at September 30, 2024, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value. Credit card lines of credit Unfunded commitments under lines of credit Commercial and standby letters of credit Total unfunded commitments Commitments to fund loans Commitments to fund loans are legally binding agreements to lend to clients in accordance with predetermined contractual provisions providing there have been no violations of any conditions specified in the contract. These commitments are generally at variable interest rates and are for specific periods or contain termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. The total amounts of unused commitments are not necessarily representative of future credit exposure or cash requirements, as commitments often expire without being drawn upon. Credit card lines of credit The Company extends lines of credit to clients through the use of credit cards issued by NBH Bank. These lines of credit represent the maximum amounts allowed to be funded, many of which will not exhaust the established limits, and as such, these amounts are not necessarily representations of future cash requirements or credit exposure. Unfunded commitments under lines of credit In the ordinary course of business, the Company extends revolving credit to its clients. These arrangements may require the payment of a fee. Commercial and standby letters of credit As a provider of financial services, the Company routinely issues commercial and standby letters of credit, which may be financial standby letters of credit or performance standby letters of credit. These are various forms of back-up commitments to guarantee the performance of a client to a third party. While these arrangements represent a potential cash outlay for the Company, the majority of these letters of credit will expire without being drawn upon. Letters of credit are subject to the same underwriting and credit approval process as traditional loans, and as such, many of them have various forms of collateral securing the commitment, which may include real estate, personal property, receivables or marketable securities. 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 thousand and thousand, respectively, were primarily driven by early payoffs and repurchases. Charges against the reserve during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaling thousand and thousand, respectively, were primarily driven by early payoffs and repurchases. The repurchase reserve is included in other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. Provision released from operating expense, net ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Ending balance In the ordinary course of business, the Company and NBH Bank may be subject to litigation. Based upon the available information and advice from the Company s legal counsel, management does not believe that any potential, threatened or pending litigation to which it is a party will have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 transfers of financial instruments between the hierarchy levels. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of each instrument under the valuation hierarchy: Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Recurring Basis Investment securities available-for-sale Investment securities available-for-sale are carried at fair value on a recurring basis. To the extent possible, observable quoted prices in an active market are used to determine fair value and, as such, these securities are classified as level 1. When quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, discounted cash flows or other pricing characteristics are used to estimate fair values and the securities are then classified as level 2. Loans held for sale The Company has elected to record loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market at estimated fair value. The portfolio consists primarily of fixed rate residential mortgage loans that are sold within . The Company estimates fair value based on quoted market prices for similar loans in the secondary market and are classified as level 2. Interest rate swap derivatives The Company's derivative instruments are limited to interest rate swaps that may be accounted for as fair value hedges or non-designated hedges. The fair values of the swaps incorporate credit valuation adjustments in order to appropriately reflect nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. The credit valuation adjustment is the dollar amount of the fair value adjustment related to credit risk and utilizes a probability weighted calculation to quantify the potential loss over the life of the trade. The credit valuation adjustments are calculated by determining the total expected exposure of the derivatives (which incorporates both the current and potential future exposure) and then applying the respective counterparties credit spreads to the exposure offset by marketable collateral posted, if any. Certain derivative transactions are executed with counterparties who are large financial institutions ("dealers"). International Swaps and Derivative Association Master Agreements ("ISDA") and Credit Support Annexes ("CSA") are employed for all contracts with dealers. These contracts contain bilateral collateral arrangements. The fair value inputs of these financial instruments are determined using discounted cash flow analysis through the use of third-party models whose significant inputs are readily observable market parameters, primarily yield curves, with appropriate adjustments for liquidity and credit risk, and are classified as level 2. Mortgage banking derivatives The Company relies on a third-party pricing service to value its mortgage banking derivative financial assets and liabilities, which the Company classifies as a level 3 valuation. The external valuation model to estimate the fair value of its interest rate lock commitments to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale includes grouping the interest rate lock commitments by interest rate and terms, applying an average estimated pull-through rate based on historical experience, and then multiplying by quoted investor prices determined to be reasonably applicable to the loan commitment groups based on interest rate, terms and rate lock expiration dates of the loan commitment groups. The Company also relies on an external valuation model to estimate the fair value of its forward commitments to sell residential mortgage loans (i.e., an estimate of what the Company would receive or pay to terminate the forward delivery contract based on market prices for similar financial instruments), which includes matching specific terms and maturities of the forward commitments against applicable investor pricing. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Loans held for sale Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total liabilities at fair value 

December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Investment securities available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises Municipal securities Corporate debt Loans held for sale Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivatives Mortgage banking derivatives Total liabilities at fair value Gain included in earnings, net Fees and costs included in earnings, net ) Balance at September 30, 2024 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Non-recurring Basis Certain assets may be recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis as conditions warrant. These non-recurring fair value measurements typically result from the application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or a write-down occurring during the period. Individually evaluated loans The Company records individually evaluated loans based on the fair value of the collateral when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all contractual amounts due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. The Company relies on third-party appraisals and internal assessments, utilizing a discount rate in the range of - with a weighted average discount rate of , in determining the estimated fair values of these loans. The inputs used to determine the fair values of loans are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a specific reserve of million related to loans with a carrying balance of million. At September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a specific reserve of million related to loans with a carrying balance of million. OREO OREO is recorded at the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs using a range of to with a weighted average discount rate of . The estimated fair values of OREO are updated periodically and further write-downs may be taken to reflect a new basis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there was OREO impairment. The Company recognized thousand of OREO impairment during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The fair values of OREO are derived from third-party price opinions or appraisals that generally use an income approach or a market value approach. If reasonable comparable appraisals are not available, the Company may use internally developed models to determine fair values. The inputs used to determine the fair value of OREO properties are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. Mortgage servicing rights MSRs represent the value associated with servicing residential real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. The fair value for servicing assets is determined through discounted cash flow analysis and utilizes a discount rate and weighted average rate ranging from to at September 30, 2024 and prepayment speed assumption ranges of to with a weighted average rate of at September 30, 2024. The weighted average MSRs are subject to impairment testing. The carrying values of these MSRs are reviewed quarterly for impairment based upon the calculation of fair value. For purposes of measuring impairment, the MSRs are stratified into certain risk characteristics including note type and note term. If the valuation model reflects a value less than the carrying value, MSRs are adjusted to fair value through a valuation allowance and the adjustment is included in mortgage banking income in the consolidated statements of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded impairments totaling thousand and recoveries totaling thousand, respectively. The inputs used to determine the fair values of MSRs are considered level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. SBA servicing asset The SBA servicing asset represents the value associated with servicing small business real estate loans that have been sold to outside investors with servicing retained. The fair value for the SBA servicing asset is determined through a discounted cash flow analysis and utilizes a weighted average discount rate of and a weighted average lifetime constant prepayment rate of . The SBA servicing asset is amortized over the period of the estimated future net servicing life of the underlying assets, and it is evaluated quarterly for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to their amortized cost. Impairment is recognized on the income statement to the extent the fair value is less than the capitalized amount of the SBA servicing asset. The Company recorded impairment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. The Company may be required to record fair value adjustments on other available-for-sale and municipal securities valued at par on a non-recurring basis. Mortgage servicing rights Total 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 Other real estate owned Premises and equipment Total The Company did t record any liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. Treasury securities - AFS Level 1 U.S. Treasury securities - HTM Level 1 Mortgage-backed securities residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises available-for-sale Level 2 Mortgage-backed securities other residential mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises available-for-sale Level 2 Municipal securities available-for-sale Level 2 Corporate debt available-for-sale Level 2 Other available-for-sale securities Level 3 Mortgage-backed securities residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises held-to-maturity Level 2 Mortgage-backed securities other residential mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises held-to-maturity Level 2 FHLB and FRB stock Level 2 Loans receivable Level 3 Loans held for sale Level 2 Accrued interest receivable Level 2 Interest rate swap derivatives Level 2 Mortgage banking derivatives Level 3 LIABILITIES Deposit transaction accounts Level 2 Time deposits Level 2 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Level 2 Long-term debt Level 2 Federal Home Loan Bank advances Level 2 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Interest rate swap derivatives Level 2 Mortgage banking derivatives Level 3 million in the aggregate. NBH Bank determined that the acquisition constituted a business combination as defined in ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . Accordingly, as of the date of the acquisition, the Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. The Company determined fair values in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures . In many cases, the determination of these fair values required management to make estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly subjective in nature and subject to change. Actual results could differ materially. Cambr is a deposit acquisition and processing platform that generates core deposits from accounts offered through third-party embedded finance companies. At the time of acquisition, Cambr administered approximately billion of deposits comprising more than 500,000 FDIC-insured deposit accounts. Cambr acquisition-related costs totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The results of Cambr are included in the results of the Company subsequent to the acquisition date. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 Other intangibles Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities: Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Identifiable net assets acquired Consideration: Cash Total Goodwill In connection with the Cambr acquisition, the Company recorded million of goodwill. The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the expanded market presence, synergies and operational efficiencies that are expected to result from the acquisition. The total amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is million. The Company recorded other intangible assets of million, including intangibles related to customer relationships and internally developed technology. The other intangible assets were valued by discounting future cash flows to present value. The discount rates applied were derived using market participant assumptions. The other intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted average period of years. 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and with our annual report on Form 10-K (file number 001-35654), which includes our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements located elsewhere in this quarterly report and in Item 1A Risk Factors in the annual report on Form 10-K , referenced above, and should be read herewith. All amounts are in thousands, except share and per share data, or as otherwise noted. Overview Our focus is on building relationships by creating a win-win scenario for our clients and our Company. We believe in providing solutions and services to our clients that are based on fairness and simplicity. We have established a solid financial services franchise with a sizable presence for deposit gathering and building client relationships necessary for growth. We have executed on strategic acquisition opportunities to expand our presence in attractive markets and to diversify our revenue streams. Additionally, we are innovating and building strategic fintech partnerships with the goal of delivering a comprehensive digital financial ecosystem for our clients. We are focused on providing small and medium-sized businesses with alternative digital access to address borrowing, depository and cash management needs, while also providing information management and access to digital payment tools, under the safety of a regulated bank. We believe that our established presence in our core markets of Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, Utah, Wyoming, Texas, New Mexico and Idaho, as well as our ongoing investment in digital solutions and strategic acquisitions position us well for growth opportunities. As of September 30, 2024, we had 9.9 billion in assets, 7.7 billion in loans, 8.5 billion in deposits, 1.3 billion in equity and 967.7 million in assets under management in our trust and wealth management business. Operating Highlights Profitability and returns 

Net income totaled 90.6 million, or 2.36 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 108.9 million, or 2.85 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period during the prior year was largely driven by lower net interest income due to an increase in cost of funds outpacing the increase in interest income. Partially offsetting this decrease was a 4.7 increase in non-interest income driven by our diversified sources of fee revenue. The return on average tangible assets was 1.33 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.61 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The return on average tangible common equity was 14.14 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 18.81 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Strategic execution 

Continued to invest in digital solutions for our clients through our financial eco-system, 2UniFi, for small and medium-sized businesses that we believe will increase access to financial services while reducing the costs of banking services. The Company s balance sheet funding mix improved during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the Company utilized funding provided by deposit growth to pay down Federal Home Loan Bank advances from 340.0 million at December 31, 2023 to zero at September 30, 2024. 
 Loan portfolio 

Loans totaled 7.7 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

50 

Table of Contents 
 Generated loan fundings totaling 1.1 billion, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, with a weighted average new loan origination rate of 8.5 . Commercial and industrial loan fundings totaled 0.4 billion with a weighted average new loan origination rate of 8.4 . Maintained a conservatively structured loan portfolio represented by diverse industries and concentrations with industry sector concentrations at 15 or less of total loans and all concentration levels remain well below our self-imposed limits. Non-owner occupied CRE loans were 157.5 of the Company s risk based capital, or 23.8 of total loans, and no specific property type comprised more than 10.0 of total loans at September 30, 2024. The Company maintains very little exposure to non-owner occupied CRE retail properties and office properties, comprising 2.0 and 1.3 of total loans, respectively, at September 30, 2024. Multifamily loans totaled 335.7 million, or 4.4 of total loans at September 30, 2024. We do not originate high-dollar non-amortizing or balloon payment mortgage loans to our clients. 
 Credit quality 

Allowance for credit losses totaled 1.23 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.27 at December 31, 2023. The Company recorded provision expense for credit losses totaling 4.8 million and 3.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Credit quality remained strong, as non-performing loans (comprised of non-accrual loans and non-accrual modified loans) totaled 0.31 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 0.37 at December 31, 2023. Non-performing assets to total loans and OREO improved 10 basis points to 0.32 at September 30, 2024, compared to 0.42 at December 31, 2023. Net charge-offs of 7.6 million and 0.8 million were recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Annualized net charge-offs to average total loans totaled 0.13 and 0.02 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Client deposit funded balance sheet 

.9 

 Average total deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.3 to 8.3 billion, compared to 7.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Average transaction deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 5.3 to 7.3 billion, compared to 6.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The mix of transaction deposits to total deposits was 87.8 at September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cost of deposits totaled 2.27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.18 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Approximately 78 of our deposits were FDIC insured as of September 30, 2024. 
 Liquidity 

.9 

 On-balance sheet liquidity totaled 654.6 million as of September 30, 2024 and was comprised of 180.8 million of cash and 473.8 million of unencumbered investments. Liquidity is monitored and managed to ensure that sufficient funds are available on-demand to meet our business needs. At September 30, 2024, the Company s available secured and committed borrowing capacity at the FHLB and Federal Reserve totaled 2.7 billion. The Company also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term unsecured funding sources, which includes access to Cambr platform deposits, multiple brokered deposit platform options and lines of credit. Our investment securities portfolio has a short average duration and is largely backed by U.S government or government sponsored entities giving us confidence that we will not realize material losses. Regarding the fair value of investment securities, our accumulated other comprehensive loss does not have a material impact on our capital position. Our tangible common equity capital ratio, which includes accumulated other comprehensive loss, totaled 9.8 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 9.0 as of December 31, 2023. 
 Revenues 

Fully taxable equivalent FTE net interest income totaled 260.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 276.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The FTE net interest margin narrowed 32 basis points to 3.80 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on earning assets increased 51 basis points, led by a 57 basis point 

51 

Table of Contents 
 increase in the loan portfolio yield. The cost of funds totaled 2.31 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.40 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Non-interest income increased 4.7 to 50.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 47.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by increases from our diversified sources of fee revenue including gains on SBA loan sales, trust income, Cambr income and treasury management fees. Mortgage banking income decreased 2.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in the prior year as the sustained higher-interest rate environment has lowered mortgage volume. 
 Expenses 

Non-interest expense totaled 190.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 10.2 million, or 5.7 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to ongoing investments in technology. Salaries and benefits increased 7.6 million, occupancy and equipment increased 2.4 million and data processing increased 2.3 million. Other intangible assets amortization increased 0.6 million due to our Cambr acquisition in April of 2023. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 2.5 million in professional fees. The FTE efficiency ratio, excluding other intangible assets amortization, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 59.28 , compared to 53.74 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Income tax expense totaled 19.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 27.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 driven by lower pre-tax income. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.0 , compared to 19.1 for the full year 2023. 
 Strong capital position 

Capital ratios continue to be strong and in excess of federal bank regulatory agency well capitalized thresholds. As of September 30, 2024, our consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.44 , and our consolidated common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk based capital ratios were 12.88 . At September 30, 2024, common book value per share was 34.01. The tangible common book value per share increased 2.14 to 24.91 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as earnings and a 0.36 decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss, driven by changes in the interest rate environment, outpaced the quarterly dividends. 
 Key Challenges Macroeconomic pressures have resulted in volatility and uncertainty in the banking industry. The sustained higher-interest rate environment, declines in the fair value of securities, lack of available funding, uninsured deposits and risk from concentrations in loan and deposit segments along with declines in commercial real estate property values are drawing increased scrutiny on financial institutions. Liquidity within the financial services sector has tightened, and we expect the intense competition for deposits throughout our markets to continue. While these are widespread challenges for the banking industry, the Company has not experienced a material impact to our financial condition, operations, customer base, liquidity, capital position or risk profile. Additionally, we face continual challenges implementing our business strategy. These include growing our assets, particularly loans, and deposits amidst intense competition, changing interest rates, adhering to changes in the regulatory environment and identifying and consummating disciplined acquisition and other expansionary opportunities in a very competitive and inflationary environment. In connection with our digital growth strategy and our digital solution 2UniFi, we have made and will continue to make investments in and also partner with third party fintech companies. The innovations these companies develop for utilization by 2UniFi may prove difficult to successfully integrate into our existing operations and may require additional operational and control systems to manage fraud, cybersecurity, operational, legal and compliance risks. Future growth in our interest income will ultimately be dependent on our ability to originate high-quality loans and other high-quality earning assets such as investment securities as well as our ability to access liquidity and manage our cost of funds. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Federal Reserve increased prevailing interest rates by a total of 100 and 425 basis points, respectively. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve decreased the prevailing interest rate by 50 basis points. Our future earnings will be impacted by the Federal Reserve s future interest rate policy decisions. Management employs risk management policies to monitor and limit exposure to changes in market rates, which is discussed in more detail in the Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk section of Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Overview In evaluating our consolidated statements of financial condition and results of operations financial statement line items, we evaluate and manage our performance based on key earnings indicators, balance sheet ratios, asset quality metrics and regulatory capital ratios, among others. The table below presents some of the primary performance indicators that we use to analyze our business on a regular basis for the periods indicated: Key Metrics (1) 

As of and for the three months ended As of and for the nine months ended September 30, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Return on average assets 1.32 1.33 1.46 1.22 1.50 Return on average tangible assets (2) 1.43 1.44 1.58 1.33 1.61 Return on average equity 10.33 11.10 12.26 9.70 12.71 Return on average tangible common equity (2) 14.84 16.56 18.38 14.14 18.81 Loan to deposit ratio (end of period) (3) 90.79 94.00 91.77 90.79 91.77 Non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits (end of period) 26.70 28.83 30.47 26.70 30.47 Net interest margin (4) 3.79 3.88 3.85 3.73 4.06 Net interest margin FTE (2)(4)(5) 3.87 3.95 3.92 3.80 4.12 Interest rate spread FTE (5)(6) 2.86 3.00 3.03 2.81 3.36 Yield on earning assets (7) 5.97 5.84 5.53 5.87 5.37 Yield on earning assets FTE (2)(5)(7) 6.05 5.91 5.60 5.95 5.44 Cost of interest bearing liabilities 3.19 2.91 2.57 3.14 2.08 Cost of deposits 2.34 1.94 1.64 2.27 1.18 Non-interest income to total revenue FTE (5)(8) 17.05 14.98 17.81 16.13 14.74 Non-interest expense to average assets 2.56 2.49 2.46 2.56 2.47 Efficiency ratio 60.51 58.82 56.56 62.24 56.16 Efficiency ratio excluding other intangible assets amortization FTE (2)(5) 57.65 56.03 53.90 59.28 53.74 Pre-provision net revenue 41,880 43,470 46,539 115,298 140,427 Pre-provision net revenue FTE (2)(5) 43,696 45,137 48,114 120,518 144,859 Total Loans Asset Quality Data (3)(9)(10) Non-performing loans to total loans 0.31 0.37 0.44 0.31 0.44 Non-performing assets to total loans and OREO 0.32 0.42 0.49 0.32 0.49 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.23 1.27 1.25 1.23 1.25 Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans 403.68 346.99 281.36 403.68 281.36 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.18 0.02 0.01 0.13 0.02 

(1) Ratios are annualized. (2) Ratio represents non-GAAP financial measure. See non-GAAP reconciliations below. (3) Total loans are net of unearned discounts and fees. (4) Net interest margin represents net interest income, including accretion income on interest earning assets, as a percentage of average interest earning assets. (5) Presented on an FTE basis using the statutory rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 1,816, 1,667 and 1,575 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,220 and 4,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. (6) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest earning assets, including FTE income, and the weighted average cost of interest bearing liabilities. Ratio represents non-GAAP financial measure. (7) Interest earning assets include assets that earn interest/accretion or dividends. Any market value adjustments on investment securities are excluded from interest earning assets. (8) Non-interest income to total revenue represents non-interest income divided by the sum of net interest income FTE and non-interest income. Ratio represents a non-GAAP financial measure. (9) Non-performing loans consist of non-accruing loans and restructured loans on non-accrual. (10) Non-performing assets include non-performing loans and OREO. 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 About Non-GAAP Financial Measures Certain of the financial measures and ratios we present, including tangible assets, average tangible assets, return on average tangible assets, tangible common equity, tangible common equity to tangible assets, return on average tangible common equity, tangible common book value, tangible common book value per share, tangible common equity to tangible assets, tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, net income excluding other intangible assets amortization expense, after tax, non-interest expense excluding other intangible assets amortization, efficiency ratio excluding other intangible assets amortization FTE, pre-provision net revenue, tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, net income excluding the impact of other intangible assets amortization expense, after tax, net income excluding the impact of other intangible assets amortization expense, after tax, and fully taxable equivalent metrics, are supplemental measures that are not required by, or are not presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We refer to these financial measures and ratios as non-GAAP financial measures. We consider the use of select non-GAAP financial measures and ratios to be useful for financial and operational decision making and useful in evaluating period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance by excluding certain expenditures or assets that we believe are not indicative of our primary business operating results or by presenting certain metrics on an FTE basis. We believe that management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, analyzing and comparing past, present and future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP and you should not rely on non-GAAP financial measures alone as measures of our performance. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by our peers or other companies. We compensate for these limitations by providing the equivalent GAAP measures whenever we present the non-GAAP financial measures and by including a reconciliation of the impact of the components adjusted for in the non-GAAP financial measure so that both measures and the individual components may be considered when analyzing our performance. 

 54 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of our GAAP financial measures to the comparable non-GAAP financial measures is as follows: Tangible Common Book Value Ratios 

September 30, December 31, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 Total shareholders' equity 1,291,997 1,212,807 1,163,585 Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net (358,754) (364,716) (366,724) Add: deferred tax liability related to goodwill 13,203 12,208 11,876 Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 946,446 860,299 808,737 Total assets 9,993,283 9,951,064 9,866,283 Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net (358,754) (364,716) (366,724) Add: deferred tax liability related to goodwill 13,203 12,208 11,876 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 9,647,732 9,598,556 9,511,435 Tangible common equity to tangible assets calculations: Total shareholders' equity to total assets 12.93 12.19 11.79 Less: impact of goodwill and other intangible assets, net (3.12) (3.23) (3.29) Tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 9.81 8.96 8.50 Tangible common book value per share calculations: Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 946,446 860,299 808,737 Divided by: ending shares outstanding 37,988,364 37,784,851 37,739,776 Tangible common book value per share (non-GAAP) 24.91 22.77 21.43 Tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss calculations: Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 946,446 860,299 808,737 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 62,485 76,401 100,853 Tangible common book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (non-GAAP) 1,008,931 936,700 909,590 Divided by: ending shares outstanding 37,988,364 37,784,851 37,739,776 Tangible common book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (non-GAAP) 26.56 24.79 24.10 Return on Average Tangible Assets and Return on Average Tangible Equity 

As of and for the three months ended As of and for the nine months ended September 30, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Net income 33,105 33,121 36,087 90,631 108,927 Add: impact of other intangible assets amortization expense, after tax 1,517 1,541 1,541 4,575 4,128 Net income excluding the impact of other intangible assets amortization expense, after tax (non-GAAP) 34,622 34,662 37,628 95,206 113,055 Average assets 9,960,730 9,889,054 9,788,909 9,913,724 9,725,130 Less: average goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability related to goodwill (346,757) (353,712) (356,083) (348,717) (342,826) Average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 9,613,973 9,535,342 9,432,826 9,565,007 9,382,304 Average shareholders' equity 1,274,873 1,184,164 1,168,199 1,248,202 1,146,210 Less: average goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability related to goodwill (346,757) (353,712) (356,083) (348,717) (342,826) Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 928,116 830,452 812,116 899,485 803,384 Return on average assets 1.32 1.33 1.46 1.22 1.50 Return on average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 1.43 1.44 1.58 1.33 1.61 Return on average equity 10.33 11.10 12.26 9.70 12.71 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 14.84 16.56 18.38 14.14 18.81 

 55 

Table of Contents 
 Fully Taxable Equivalent Yield on Earning Assets and Net Interest Margin 

As of and for the three months ended As of and for the nine months ended September 30, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 138,003 134,703 126,110 402,182 360,712 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 1,816 1,667 1,575 5,220 4,432 Interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 139,819 136,370 127,685 407,402 365,144 Net interest income 87,653 89,501 87,777 255,257 272,450 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 1,816 1,667 1,575 5,220 4,432 Net interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 89,469 91,168 89,352 260,477 276,882 Average earning assets 9,192,454 9,147,977 9,039,864 9,146,020 8,981,033 Yield on earning assets 5.97 5.84 5.53 5.87 5.37 Yield on earning assets FTE (non-GAAP) 6.05 5.91 5.60 5.95 5.44 Net interest margin 3.79 3.88 3.85 3.73 4.06 Net interest margin FTE (non-GAAP) 3.87 3.95 3.92 3.80 4.12 Efficiency Ratio and Pre-Provision Net Revenue 

As of and for the three months ended As of and for the nine months ended September 30, December 31, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2023 2024 2023 Net interest income 87,653 89,501 87,777 255,257 272,450 Add: impact of taxable equivalent adjustment 1,816 1,667 1,575 5,220 4,432 Net interest income FTE (non-GAAP) 89,469 91,168 89,352 260,477 276,882 Non-interest income 18,389 16,064 19,365 50,112 47,853 Non-interest expense 64,162 62,095 60,603 190,071 179,876 Less: other intangible assets amortization (1,977) (2,008) (2,008) (5,962) (5,378) Non-interest expense excluding other intangible assets amortization (non-GAAP) 62,185 60,087 58,595 184,109 174,498 Efficiency ratio 60.51 58.82 56.56 62.24 56.16 Efficiency ratio excluding other intangible assets amortization FTE (non-GAAP) 57.65 56.03 53.90 59.28 53.74 Pre-provision net revenue (non-GAAP) 41,880 43,470 46,539 115,298 140,427 Pre-provision net revenue, FTE (non-GAAP) 43,696 45,137 48,114 120,518 144,859 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates We use accounting principles and methods that conform to GAAP and general banking practices. We are required to apply significant judgment and make material estimates in the preparation of our financial statements and with regard to various accounting, reporting and disclosure matters. Assumptions and estimates are required to apply these principles where actual measurement is not possible or practical. The most significant of these estimates relate to the determination of the ACL. 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for credit losses The determination of the ACL, which represents management s estimate of lifetime credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date, involves a high degree of judgment and complexity. The Company estimates the ACL by first disaggregating the loan portfolio into segments based upon broad characteristics such as primary use and underlying collateral. Within these segments, the portfolio is further disaggregated into classes of loans with similar attributes and risk characteristics. The ACL is determined at the class level, analyzing loss history based upon specific loss drivers and risk factors affecting each loan class. The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow DCF model developed within a third-party software tool that incorporates forecasts of certain national macroeconomic factors (reasonable and supportable forecasts) which drive the losses predicted in establishing the Company s ACL. Management accounts for the inherent uncertainty of the underlying economic forecast by reviewing and weighting alternate forecast scenarios. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. Additionally, the ACL calculation includes subjective adjustments for qualitative risk factors that are likely to cause estimated credit losses to differ from historical experience. Changes in these assumptions, estimates or the conditions surrounding them may have a material impact on our financial condition. Future Accounting Pronouncements In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The update requires disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis for all public entities to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses. The amendments in this update do not change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, aggregates those operating segments, or applies the quantitative thresholds to determine its reportable segments. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact from ASU 2023-07, and does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . The update requires public business entities to disclose specific categories related to rate reconciliation. It also requires more detailed information for reconciling items, provided certain quantitative thresholds are met. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and are to be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact from ASU 2023-09, and does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements apart from the inclusion of additional disclosures. In March 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-01, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards. This update improves GAAP by adding an illustrative example that includes four fact patterns to demonstrate how an entity should apply the scope guidance in paragraph 718-10-15-3 to determine whether a profit interest award should be accounted for in accordance with Topic 718. The amendments in this update are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is evaluating the impact from ASU 2024-01, and does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements. On March 6, 2024, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC adopted a new set of rules that require a wide range of climate-related disclosures. The disclosures will include material climate-related risks, information on any climate-related targets or goals that are material to the registrant s business, results of operations, or financial condition, Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions and disclosure of the financial statement effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions including costs and losses. Disclosures on Greenhouse Gas emissions will be subject to adoption on a phased-in basis by certain larger registrants when those emissions are material, and an attestation report covering the same will also need to be filed. Compliance dates under the final rule are phased in by registrant category. Multiple lawsuits have been filed challenging the SEC s new climate rules, which have been consolidated and will be heard in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. On April 4, 2024, the SEC issued an order staying the final rules until judicial review is complete. Financial Condition Total assets were 9.9 billion at September 30, 2024, increasing 42.2 million, or 0.4 , from December 31, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 10.0 million from December 31, 2023, and investment securities increased 33.3 million. Loans totaled 7.7 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the allowance for credit losses decreased 2.9 million to 95.0 million at 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, lower cost demand, savings, and money market deposits ("transaction deposits") increased 236.3 million, or 4.4 annualized, to 7.4 billion, compared to December 31, 2023. Total deposits increased 306.7 million, or 5.0 annualized, to 8.5 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023. Investment securities Available-for-sale Total investment securities available-for-sale increased 12.7 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 0.7 billion. Purchases of available-for-sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 199.1 million. There were no purchases of available-for-sale securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Paydowns and maturities totaled 137.6 million and 71.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our available-for-sale investment securities portfolio is summarized in the following table as of the dates indicated. The weighted average yield was calculated based on amortized cost. Yields on tax exempt securities have not been adjusted for tax exempt status. 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted Weighted Amortized Fair Percent of average Amortized Fair Percent of average cost value portfolio yield cost value portfolio yield Treasury securities 49,757 49,190 6.9 2.67 74,508 73,044 11.6 2.54 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises 222,443 196,530 27.7 1.85 233,264 201,809 32.1 1.71 Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises 514,924 460,496 65.0 2.63 417,155 351,242 55.9 1.69 Municipal securities 80 80 0.0 3.14 80 79 0.0 3.17 Corporate debt 2,000 1,962 0.3 5.86 2,000 1,843 0.3 5.87 Other securities 729 729 0.1 0.00 812 812 0.1 0.00 Total investment securities available-for-sale 789,933 708,987 100.0 2.42 727,819 628,829 100.0 1.80 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, nearly all the available-for-sale investment portfolio was backed by mortgages. The residential mortgage pass-through securities portfolio is comprised of both fixed rate and adjustable rate FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA securities. The other mortgage-backed securities are comprised of securities backed by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA securities. Mortgage-backed securities may have actual maturities that differ from contractual maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments. The estimated weighted average life of the available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities portfolio was 4.4 years and 5.2 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. This estimate is based on assumptions and actual results may differ. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the duration of the total available-for-sale investment portfolio was 3.6 years and 4.3 years, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, adjustable rate securities comprised 8.1 and 13.0 , respectively, of the available-for-sale MBS portfolio. The remainder of the portfolio was comprised of fixed rate amortizing securities with 10 to 30 year contractual maturities, with a weighted average coupon of 2.46 per annum and 1.73 per annum at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The available-for-sale investment portfolio included 82.7 million of unrealized losses and 1.7 million of unrealized gains at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, the available-for-sale investment portfolio included 99.0 million of unrealized losses and 0.1 million of unrealized gains. We believe any unrealized losses are a result of prevailing interest rates, and as such, we do not believe that any of the securities with unrealized losses were impaired. Management believes that default of the available-for-sale securities is highly unlikely. FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury securities have a long history of zero credit losses, an explicit guarantee by the U.S. government (although limited for FNMA and FHLMC securities) and yields that generally trade based on market views of prepayment and liquidity risk rather than credit risk. Our investment security portfolio consists of high-quality securities, which are largely backed by either U.S. government agencies or U.S. government sponsored entities. We regularly model liquidity stress scenarios to assess potential liquidity issues. The results of 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 our stress testing on our debt security portfolio at September 30, 2024, illustrated that we would continue to meet all capital adequacy requirements, even in a 200 basis point up or down rate shock scenario. Held-to-maturity Held-to-maturity investment securities totaled 538.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 585.1 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 46.9 million, or 8.0 . There were no purchases of held-to-maturity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Purchases during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 2.5 million. Paydowns and maturities totaled 47.4 million and 53.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Held-to-maturity investment securities are summarized as follows as of the dates indicated: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Weighted Weighted Amortized Fair Percent of average Amortized Fair Percent of average cost value portfolio yield cost value portfolio yield Treasury securities 49,563 49,157 9.2 3.14 49,338 48,334 8.4 3.14 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential mortgage pass-through securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises 270,518 242,837 50.3 2.22 299,337 265,011 51.2 2.20 Other residential MBS issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises 218,076 178,780 40.5 1.60 236,377 190,983 40.4 1.60 Total investment securities held-to-maturity 538,157 470,774 100.0 2.05 585,052 504,328 100.0 2.04 The residential mortgage pass-through and other residential MBS held-to-maturity investment portfolios are comprised of fixed rate FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA securities. The fair value of the held-to-maturity investment portfolio included 68.1 million of unrealized losses and 0.7 million of unrealized gains at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, the held-to-maturity investment portfolio included 81.0 million of unrealized losses and 0.2 million of unrealized gains. The Company does not measure expected credit losses on a financial asset, or groups of financial assets, in which historical credit loss information adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts results in an expectation that nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero. Management evaluated held-to-maturity securities noting they are backed by loans guaranteed by either U.S. government agencies or U.S. government sponsored entities, and management believes that default is highly unlikely given this governmental backing and long history without credit losses. Additionally, management notes that yields on which the portfolio generally trades are based upon market views of prepayment and liquidity risk and not credit risk. The Company has no intention to sell the securities and believes it will not be required to sell the securities before the recovery of their amortized cost. Mortgage-backed securities may have actual maturities that differ from contractual maturities depending on the repayment characteristics and experience of the underlying financial instruments. The estimated weighted average expected life of the held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 5.3 years and 5.7 years, respectively. This estimate is based on assumptions and actual results may differ. The duration of the total held-to-maturity investment portfolio was 4.3 years and 4.6 years as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Non-marketable securities The carrying balance of non-marketable securities are summarized as follows as of the dates indicated: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Federal Reserve Bank stock 24,062 24,062 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 567 16,828 Convertible preferred stock 20,508 25,000 Equity method investments 27,216 24,587 Total 72,353 90,477 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 Non-marketable securities included FRB stock, FHLB stock, convertible preferred stock and equity method investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, purchases of non-marketable securities totaled 26.2 million of FHLB stock, and proceeds from redemptions and sales of non-marketable securities totaled 42.6 million, primarily from FHLB stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, purchases of non-marketable securities totaled 93.9 million, and proceeds from redemptions and sales of non-marketable securities totaled 90.3 million. Changes in the Company s FHLB stock holdings were directly correlated to FHLB line of credit advances and paydowns. FRB and FHLB stock At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held FRB stock and FHLB stock for regulatory or debt facility purposes. These are restricted securities which, lacking a market, are carried at cost. There have been no identified events or changes in circumstances that may have an adverse effect on the FRB and FHLB stock carried at cost. Convertible preferred stock Non-marketable securities include convertible preferred stock without a readily determinable fair value. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 3.9 million of impairment on convertible preferred stock related to venture capital investments, included in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 4.0 million of impairment on convertible preferred stock related to venture capital investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold convertible preferred stock totaling 1.0 million, which generated realized gains of 0.1 million recorded in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company purchased zero and 0.4 million of convertible preferred stock during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Equity method investments Non-marketable securities also include equity method investments totaling 25.4 million and 24.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value totaling 1.8 million and zero at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net unrealized gains on equity method investments totaling 0.4 million and 0.7 million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded net unrealized losses on equity method investments totaling zero and 0.4 million, respectively. These gains and losses were recorded in other non-interest income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Carrying values of equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value are updated periodically and impairments may be taken to reflect a new basis. The Company recorded no impairment related to equity method investments without a readily determinable fair value for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023. 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 Loans overview At September 30, 2024, our loan portfolio was comprised of new loans that we have originated and loans that were acquired in connection with our acquisitions. The table below shows the loan portfolio composition at the respective dates: 

September 30, 2024 vs. December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Originated: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 1,894,830 1,825,425 3.8 Municipal and non-profit 1,096,842 1,083,457 1.2 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 949,331 879,686 7.9 Food and agribusiness 257,743 265,902 (3.1) Total commercial 4,198,746 4,054,470 3.6 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,113,796 1,071,529 3.9 Residential real estate 933,644 919,139 1.6 Consumer 13,600 16,686 (18.5) Total originated 6,259,786 6,061,824 3.3 Acquired: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 116,683 141,484 (17.5) Municipal and non-profit 282 299 (5.7) Owner-occupied commercial real estate 221,928 244,087 (9.1) Food and agribusiness 43,733 58,695 (25.5) Total commercial 382,626 444,565 (13.9) Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 720,384 785,221 (8.3) Residential real estate 349,916 404,648 (13.5) Consumer 1,783 2,500 (28.7) Total acquired 1,454,709 1,636,934 (11.1) Total loans 7,714,495 7,698,758 0.2 The Company maintains a granular and well-diversified loan portfolio with self-imposed concentration limits. The loan portfolio increased 15.7 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Loan fundings during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 1.1 billion, led by commercial loan fundings of 699.9 million. Our commercial and industrial loan portfolio is highly diversified across industry sectors and geography. At September 30, 2024, there were no industry sectors representing more than 15.0 of our total loan portfolio. Key sectors included government/non-profit loans of 823.1 million, or 10.7 of total loans, and health care/hospital loans of 510.1 million, or 6.6 of total loans. Non-owner occupied CRE loans were 157.8 of the Company s risk based capital, or 23.8 of total loans, and no specific property type comprised more than 10.0 of total loans. The Company maintains little exposure to non-owner occupied CRE retail properties and office properties, comprising 3.3 of total loans. Multifamily loans totaled 335.6 million, or 4.4 of total loans, as of September 30, 2024. The agriculture industry continues to be impacted by volatile commodity prices and generally by higher input costs, combining to stress margins. Our food and agribusiness portfolio is 3.9 of total loans and is well-diversified across food production, crop and livestock types. Crop and livestock loans represent 1.0 of total loans. We have maintained relationships with food and agribusiness clients that generally possess low leverage and, correspondingly, low bank debt to assets, minimizing any potential credit losses in the future. New loan origination is a direct result of our ability to recruit and retain top banking talent, connect with clients in our markets and provide needed services at competitive rates. Loan fundings totaled 1.5 billion over the trailing 12 months, led by commercial loan fundings of 1.0 billion. Fundings are defined as closed-end funded loans and revolving lines of credit advances, net of any current period paydowns. Management utilizes this more conservative definition of fundings to better approximate the impact of fundings on loans outstanding and ultimately net interest income. 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 The following table represents new loan fundings for the periods presented: 

Third quarter Second quarter First quarter Fourth quarter Third quarter 2024 2024 2024 2023 2023 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 93,711 241,910 53,978 135,954 89,297 Municipal and non-profit 35,677 28,785 14,564 79,650 18,657 Owner occupied commercial real estate 70,517 102,615 35,128 75,631 67,322 Food and agribusiness 19,205 11,040 (7,204) 10,646 16,191 Total commercial 219,110 384,350 96,466 301,881 191,467 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 91,809 83,184 73,789 107,738 88,434 Residential real estate 47,322 36,124 29,468 48,925 42,514 Consumer 1,010 1,547 234 1,849 1,689 Total 359,251 505,205 199,957 460,393 324,104 Included in fundings are net fundings (paydowns) under revolving lines of credit totaling 16,302, 19,281, (59,523), 16,954 and 12,877) for the dates noted in the table above, respectively. The tables below show the contractual maturities of our total loans for the dates indicated: September 30, 2024 Due within Due after 1 but Due after 5 but Due after 1 year within 5 years within 15 years 15 years Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial 288,733 1,343,744 368,145 10,891 2,011,513 Municipal and non-profit 20,816 160,604 595,165 320,539 1,097,124 Owner occupied commercial real estate 104,852 486,197 486,848 93,362 1,171,259 Food and agribusiness 150,802 40,371 92,390 17,913 301,476 Total commercial 565,203 2,030,916 1,542,548 442,705 4,581,372 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 436,531 933,705 451,432 12,512 1,834,180 Residential real estate 28,279 200,978 311,424 742,879 1,283,560 Consumer 5,155 8,001 2,224 3 15,383 Total loans 1,035,168 3,173,600 2,307,628 1,198,099 7,714,495 December 31, 2023 Due within Due after 1 but Due after 5 but Due after 1 year within 5 years within 15 years 15 years Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial 282,560 1,377,991 295,659 10,699 1,966,909 Municipal and non-profit 36,505 158,561 561,112 327,578 1,083,756 Owner occupied commercial real estate 86,299 413,032 518,950 105,492 1,123,773 Food and agribusiness 121,595 93,227 94,591 15,184 324,597 Total commercial 526,959 2,042,811 1,470,312 458,953 4,499,035 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 395,426 921,056 527,645 12,623 1,856,750 Residential real estate 58,323 188,452 350,519 726,493 1,323,787 Consumer 6,459 10,871 1,851 5 19,186 Total loans 987,167 3,163,190 2,350,327 1,198,074 7,698,758 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 The stated interest rate (which excludes the effects of non-refundable loan origination and commitment fees, net of costs and the accretion of fair value marks) of total loans with maturities over one year is as follows at the dates indicated: 

September 30, 2024 Fixed Variable Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Balance average rate Balance average rate Balance average rate Commercial: Commercial and industrial 570,772 5.62 1,152,008 8.05 1,722,780 7.25 Municipal and non-profit (1) 1,071,903 4.00 20,549 5.85 1,092,452 4.09 Owner occupied commercial real estate 339,739 4.93 726,668 7.52 1,066,407 6.82 Food and agribusiness 32,508 6.62 118,166 8.70 150,674 8.25 Total commercial 2,014,922 4.72 2,017,391 7.88 4,032,313 6.33 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 459,507 4.48 938,142 6.74 1,397,649 6.00 Residential real estate 510,738 4.29 744,543 5.38 1,255,281 4.93 Consumer 7,499 6.29 2,728 8.24 10,227 6.81 Total loans with > 1 year maturity 2,992,666 4.62 3,702,804 7.09 6,695,470 6.00 

December 31, 2023 Fixed Variable Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Balance average rate Balance average rate Balance average rate Commercial: Commercial and industrial 644,128 5.37 1,040,219 8.30 1,684,347 7.18 Municipal and non-profit (1) 1,048,816 3.81 21,029 5.46 1,069,845 3.93 Owner occupied commercial real estate 401,464 4.67 636,010 7.12 1,037,474 6.27 Food and agribusiness 33,539 5.73 169,464 8.07 203,003 7.68 Total commercial 2,127,947 4.52 1,866,722 7.84 3,994,669 6.11 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 533,105 4.54 928,219 6.55 1,461,324 5.82 Residential real estate 550,974 4.16 714,490 5.29 1,265,464 4.80 Consumer 8,931 5.88 3,796 8.32 12,727 6.60 Total loans with > 1 year maturity 3,220,957 4.47 3,513,227 6.98 6,734,184 5.80 

(1) Included in municipal and non-profit fixed rate loans are loans totaling 355,596 and 351,015 that have been swapped to variable rates at current market pricing at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Included in the municipal and non-profit segment are tax exempt loans totaling 903,935 and 868,842 with an FTE weighted average rate of 4.67 and 4.31 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Asset quality Asset quality is fundamental to our success and remains a strong point, driven by our disciplined adherence to our self-imposed concentration limits across industry sector and real estate property type. Accordingly, for the origination of loans, we have established a credit policy that allows for responsive, yet controlled lending with credit approval requirements that are scaled to loan size. Within the scope of the credit policy, each prospective loan is reviewed in order to determine the appropriateness and the adequacy of the loan characteristics and the security or collateral prior to making a loan. We have established underwriting standards and loan origination procedures that require appropriate documentation, including financial data and credit reports. For loans secured by real property, we require property appraisals, title insurance or a title opinion, hazard insurance and flood insurance, in each case where appropriate. Additionally, we have implemented procedures to timely identify loans that may become problematic in order to ensure the most beneficial resolution for the Company. Asset quality is monitored by our credit risk management department and evaluated based on quantitative and subjective factors such as the timeliness of contractual payments received. Additional factors that are considered, particularly with commercial loans over 500,000, include the financial condition and liquidity of individual borrowers and guarantors, if any, and the value of our collateral. To facilitate the oversight of asset quality, loans are categorized based on the number of days past due and on an internal risk rating system, and both are discussed in more detail below. The Company s policy is to review each prospective credit to determine the appropriateness and the adequacy of security or collateral prior to making a loan. In the event of borrower default, the Company seeks recovery in compliance with lending laws, the respective 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 loan agreements, and credit monitoring and remediation procedures that may include modifying a loan to provide a concession by the Company to the borrower from their original terms due to borrower financial difficulties in order to facilitate repayment. Such modified loans are considered TDMs. TDMs may include principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant-payment delays, term extensions or any combination thereof. Assets that have been foreclosed on or acquired through deed-in-lieu of foreclosure are classified as OREO until sold, and are carried at the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell, with any initial valuation adjustments charged to the ACL and any subsequent declines in carrying value charged to impairments on OREO. Non-performing assets and past due loans Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans and OREO. Interest income that would have been recorded had non-accrual loans performed in accordance with their original contract terms during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million and 1.4 million, respectively, and 0.8 million and 1.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Past due status is monitored as an indicator of credit deterioration. Loans are considered past due or delinquent when the contractual principal or interest due in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement remains unpaid after the due date of the scheduled payment. Loans that are 90 days or more past due are put on non-accrual status unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. The following table sets forth the non-performing assets and past due loans as of the dates presented: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Non-accrual loans: Non-accrual loans, excluding modified loans 17,743 14,756 Modified loans on non-accrual 5,802 13,472 Non-performing loans 23,545 28,228 OREO 1,432 4,088 Total non-performing assets 24,977 32,316 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing interest 31,253 12,232 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest 9,509 591 Non-accrual loans 23,545 28,228 Total past due and non-accrual loans 64,307 41,051 Accruing modified loans 19,126 15,148 Allowance for credit losses 95,047 97,947 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.31 0.37 Total 90 days past due and still accruing interest and non-accrual loans to total loans 0.43 0.37 Total non-performing assets to total loans and OREO 0.32 0.42 ACL to non-performing loans 403.68 346.99 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total non-performing loans decreased 4.7 million, or 16.6 , from December 31, 2023. Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing interest were 0.41 and 0.16 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest were 0.12 and 0.01 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Allowance for credit losses The ACL represents the amount that we believe is necessary to absorb estimated lifetime credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date and involves a high degree of judgment and complexity. The Company utilizes a DCF model developed within a third-party software tool to establish expected lifetime credit losses for the loan portfolio. The ACL is calculated as the difference between the amortized cost basis and the projections from the DCF analysis. The DCF model allows for individual lifetime loan cash flow modeling, excluding extensions and renewals, using loan-specific interest rates and repayment schedules including estimated prepayment rates and loss recovery timing delays. The model incorporates forecasts of certain national macro-economic factors, including unemployment rates, home price index HPI ), retail sales and gross domestic product GDP ), which drive correlated loss rates. The determination and application of the ACL accounting policy involves judgments, estimates and uncertainties that are 

 64 

Table of Contents 
 subject to change. For periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical long-term average loss rates on a straight-line basis. We measure expected credit losses for groups of loans included in segments with similar risk characteristics. We have identified four primary loan segments within the ACL model that are further stratified into 11 loan classes to provide more granularity in analyzing loss history and to allow for more definitive qualitative adjustments based upon specific risk factors affecting each loan class. Generally, the underlying risk of loss for each of these loan segments will follow certain norms/trends in various economic environments. Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are not included in the collective evaluation. Following are the loan classes within each of the four primary loan segments: 

Non-owner occupied Commercial commercial real estate Residential real estate Consumer Commercial and industrial Construction Senior lien Consumer Owner occupied commercial real estate Acquisition and development Junior lien Food and agribusiness Multifamily Municipal and non-profit Non-owner occupied Loans on non-accrual, in bankruptcy and TDMs with a balance greater than 250,000 are excluded from the pooled analysis and are evaluated individually. If management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are evaluated based on the criteria listed below, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. Typically, these loans consist of commercial, commercial real estate and agriculture loans and exclude homogeneous loans such as residential real estate and consumer loans. Specific allowances are determined by collectively analyzing: 

the borrower s resources, ability and willingness to repay in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement; the likelihood of receiving financial support from any guarantors; the adequacy and present value of future cash flows, less disposal costs, of any collateral; and the impact current economic conditions may have on the borrower s financial condition and liquidity or the value of the collateral. 
 The resulting ACL for loans is calculated as the sum of the general reserves, specific reserves on individually evaluated loans, and qualitative factor adjustments. While these amounts are calculated by individual loan or by segment and class, the entire ACL is available for any loan that, in our judgment, should be charged-off. The determination and application of the ACL accounting policy involves judgments, estimates, and uncertainties that are subject to change. Changes in these assumptions, estimates or the conditions surrounding them may have a material impact on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. D uring the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a decrease in the allowance for credit losses of 1.4 million and 2.9 million, respectively, due to a decrease in specific reserves related to the resolution of non-performing loans. The allowance for credit losses increased 1.6 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to September 30, 2023, driven by higher reserve requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying economic forecast. Net charge-offs on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 3.4 million and 7.6 million, respectively, and the ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average total loans totaled 0.18 and 0.13 , respectively. Specific reserves on loans totaled 4.7 million at September 30, 2024. Net charge-offs on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 0.3 million and 0.8 million, respectively, and the ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average total loans totaled 0.01 and 0.02 , respectively. Specific reserves on loans totaled 6.1 million at September 30, 2023. The Company has elected to exclude AIR from the ACL calculation. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AIR from loans totaled 45.7 million and 42.4 million, respectively. When a loan is placed on non-accrual, any recorded AIR is reversed against interest income. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 Total ACL After considering the above mentioned factors, we believe that the ACL of 95.0 million is adequate to cover estimated lifetime losses inherent in the loan portfolio at September 30, 2024. However, it is likely that future adjustments to the ACL will be necessary. Any changes to the underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, including but not limited to changes in the underlying macro-economic forecast, used in determining the ACL, could negatively or positively affect the Company's results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. The following schedules present, by class stratification, the changes in the ACL during the periods listed: 

As of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Beginning allowance for credit losses 96,457 92,581 Charge-offs: Commercial (2,930) 0.15 (239) 0.00 Commercial real estate non owner-occupied (293) 0.02 0.00 Residential real estate 0.00 0.00 Consumer (282) 0.01 (301) 0.01 Total charge-offs (3,505) (540) Recoveries 95 280 Net charge-offs (3,410) 0.18 (260) 0.01 Provision expense for credit losses 2,000 1,125 Ending allowance for credit losses 95,047 93,446 Average total loans outstanding during the period 7,714,765 7,443,869 

As of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total loans NCOs (1) Total loans NCOs (1) Beginning allowance for credit losses 97,947 89,553 Charge-offs: Commercial (2,954) 0.05 (242) 0.00 Commercial real estate non owner-occupied (4,715) 0.08 0.00 Residential real estate 0.00 (46) 0.00 Consumer (718) 0.01 (930) 0.02 Total charge-offs (8,387) (1,218) Recoveries 781 386 Net charge-offs (7,606) 0.13 (832) 0.02 Provision expense for credit losses 4,706 4,725 Ending allowance for credit losses 95,047 93,446 Ratio of ACL to total loans outstanding at period end 1.23 1.25 Ratio of ACL to total non-performing loans at period end 403.68 281.36 Total loans 7,714,495 7,478,438 Average total loans outstanding during the period 7,643,563 7,347,380 Non-performing loans 23,545 33,212 

(1) Ratio of annualized net charge-offs to average total loans. 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables present the allocation of the ACL and the percentage of the total amount of loans in each loan category listed as of the dates presented: 

September 30, 2024 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 4,581,372 59.4 46,250 48.7 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,834,180 23.8 28,056 29.5 Residential real estate 1,283,560 16.6 20,400 21.4 Consumer 15,383 0.2 341 0.4 Total 7,714,495 100.0 95,047 100.0 

December 31, 2023 ACL as a Total loans of total loans Related ACL of total ACL Commercial 4,499,035 58.4 45,304 46.3 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,856,750 24.1 32,665 33.3 Residential real estate 1,323,787 17.2 19,550 20.0 Consumer 19,186 0.3 428 0.4 Total 7,698,758 100.0 97,947 100.0 Deposits Deposits from banking clients serve as a primary funding source for our banking operations, and our ability to gather and manage deposit levels is critical to our success. Deposits not only provide a lower-cost funding source for our loans, but also provide a foundation for the client relationships that are critical to future loan growth. We maintain a granular and well diversified deposit base with no exposure to venture capital or crypto deposits. The following table presents information regarding our deposit composition at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Increase (decrease) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Change Non-interest bearing demand deposits 2,268,801 26.7 2,361,367 28.8 (92,566) (3.9) Interest bearing demand deposits 1,407,668 16.6 1,480,042 18.1 (72,374) (4.9) Savings accounts 609,045 7.2 661,244 8.1 (52,199) (7.9) Money market accounts 3,159,165 37.2 2,705,768 33.0 453,397 16.8 Total transaction deposits 7,444,679 87.7 7,208,421 88.0 236,258 3.3 Time deposits 751,895 8.8 692,696 8.5 59,199 8.5 Time deposits 250,000 300,554 3.5 289,274 3.5 11,280 3.9 Total time deposits 1,052,449 12.3 981,970 12.0 70,479 7.2 Total deposits 8,497,128 100.0 8,190,391 100.0 306,737 3.7 The following table shows uninsured time deposits by scheduled maturity as of September 30, 2024: 

September 30, 2024 Three months or less 63,041 Over 3 months through 6 months 49,397 Over 6 months through 12 months 102,086 Thereafter 53,183 Total uninsured time deposits 267,707 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, time deposits that were scheduled to mature within 12 months totaled 842.9 million and 689.0 million, respectively. Of the time deposits scheduled to mature within 12 months at September 30, 2024, 254.2 million were in denominations of 250,000 or more, and 588.7 million were in denominations less than 250,000. Approximately 78 of our total deposits were FDIC insured at September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company participates in the IntraFi Cash Service program, 

 67 

Table of Contents 
 which allows depositors to receive reciprocal FDIC insurance coverage. The Company had 960.9 million and 944.3 million of deposits in the program as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Long-term debt The Company holds a subordinated note purchase agreement to issue and sell a fixed-to-floating rate note totaling 40.0 million. The balance on the note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net of long-term debt issuance costs totaling 0.2 million, totaled 39.8 million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expense totaling 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. The note is subordinated, unsecured and matures on November 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the note is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at 3.00 per annum until November 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From November 15, 2026 until November 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 203 basis points. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. Prior to November 5, 2026, the Company may redeem the note only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on November 5, 2026 through maturity, the note may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the note being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the note being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. As part of the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed three subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rates totaling 15.0 million. The balance on the notes at September 30, 2024, net of a fair value adjustment related to the acquisition totaling 0.3 million, totaled 14.6 million. At December 31, 2023, the balance on the notes, net of the fair value adjustment from the acquisition totaling 0.5 million, totaled 14.5 million. Interest expense related to the notes totaling 0.1 million and 0.4 million was recorded in the consolidated statements of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense related to the notes totaled 0.1 million and 0.4 million, respectively. The three notes, containing similar terms, are subordinated, unsecured and mature on June 15, 2031. Payments consist of interest only. Interest expense on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears and will bear interest at 3.75 per annum until June 15, 2026 (or any earlier redemption date). From June 15, 2026 until June 15, 2031 (or any earlier redemption date) payments will be made quarterly in arrears, and the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month term SOFR plus 306 basis points. Prior to June 15, 2026, the Company may redeem the notes only under certain limited circumstances. Beginning on June 15, 2026 through maturity, the notes may be redeemed, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company would be at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the notes being redeemed up to but excluding the date of redemption. The notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Other borrowings As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company sold securities under agreements to repurchase totaling 19.5 million and 19.6 million, respectively. In addition, as a member of the FHLB, the Company has access to a line of credit and term financing from the FHLB with total available credit of 1.8 billion at September 30, 2024. The Company may utilize the FHLB line of credit as a funding mechanism for originated loans and loans held for sale. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Banks had zero and 340.0 million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings with the FHLB. The Company may pledge investment securities and loans as collateral for FHLB advances. There were no investment securities pledged at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Loans pledged were 2.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company incurred 0.5 million and 3.8 million of interest expense related to FHLB advances or other short-term borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense related to FHLB advances or other short-term borrowings totaled 4.4 million and 17.1 million, respectively. 

 68 

Table of Contents 
 Regulatory Capital Our subsidiary banks and the holding company are subject to the regulatory capital adequacy requirements of the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, as applicable. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly further discretionary actions by regulators that could have a material adverse effect on us. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our subsidiary banks and the consolidated holding company exceeded all capital ratio requirements under prompt corrective action and other regulatory requirements, as further detailed in note 10 of our consolidated financial statements. Results of Operations Our net income depends largely on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest earning assets and interest expense on interest bearing liabilities. Our results of operations are also affected by provisions for credit losses and non-interest income, such as service charges, bank card income, swap fee income, and gain on sale of mortgages. Our primary operating expenses, aside from interest expense, consist of salaries and benefits, occupancy costs, telecommunications data processing expense, FDIC deposit insurance and intangible assets amortization. Any expenses related to the resolution of problem assets are also included in non-interest expense. Overview of results of operations Net income totaled 33.1 million and 90.6 million, or 0.86 and 2.36 per diluted share, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, net income totaled 36.1 million and 108.9 million, or 0.94 and 2.85 per diluted share, respectively. The decrease in net income was largely driven by lower net interest income due to an increase in cost of funds outpacing the increase in interest income. Partially offsetting this decrease were increases in non-interest income driven by our diversified sources of fee revenue. The return on average tangible assets was 1.43 and 1.33 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and the return on average tangible common equity was 14.84 and 14.14 , respectively. Net interest income We regularly review net interest income metrics to provide us with indicators of how the various components of net interest income are performing. We regularly review: (i) our loan mix and the yield on loans; (ii) the investment portfolio and the related yields; (iii) our deposit mix and the cost of deposits; and (iv) net interest income simulations for various forecast periods. 

 69 

Table of Contents 
 The effects of trade-date accounting of investment securities for which the cash had not settled are not considered interest earning assets and are excluded from this presentation for timeframes prior to their cash settlement, as are the market value adjustments on the investment securities available-for-sale and loans. The table below presents the components of net interest income on an FTE basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the three months ended For the three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Interest earning assets: Originated loans FTE (1)(2)(3) 6,251,827 108,403 6.90 5,803,157 92,813 6.35 Acquired loans 1,487,002 22,660 6.06 1,671,595 26,115 6.20 Loans held for sale 18,078 319 7.02 22,154 383 6.86 Investment securities available-for-sale 790,268 5,132 2.60 761,892 3,783 1.99 Investment securities held-to-maturity 548,120 2,344 1.71 611,712 2,685 1.76 Other securities 26,213 405 6.18 39,115 701 7.17 Interest earning deposits 70,946 556 3.12 130,239 1,205 3.67 Total interest earning assets FTE (2) 9,192,454 139,819 6.05 9,039,864 127,685 5.60 Cash and due from banks 86,887 104,308 Other assets 777,758 737,568 Allowance for credit losses (96,369) (92,831) Total assets 9,960,730 9,788,909 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits 5,134,650 40,146 3.11 4,535,183 27,211 2.38 Time deposits 1,039,563 9,220 3.53 992,755 6,212 2.48 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 17,146 5 0.12 19,288 6 0.12 Long-term debt, net 54,383 519 3.80 54,074 519 3.81 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 32,641 460 5.61 316,723 4,385 5.49 Total interest bearing liabilities 6,278,383 50,350 3.19 5,918,023 38,333 2.57 Demand deposits 2,226,807 2,553,619 Other liabilities 180,667 149,068 Total liabilities 8,685,857 8,620,710 Shareholders' equity 1,274,873 1,168,199 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 9,960,730 9,788,909 Net interest income FTE (2) 89,469 89,352 Interest rate spread FTE (2) 2.86 3.03 Net interest earning assets 2,914,071 3,121,841 Net interest margin FTE (2) 3.87 3.92 Average transaction deposits 7,361,457 7,088,802 Average total deposits 8,401,020 8,081,557 Ratio of average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 146.41 152.75 

(1) Originated loans are net of deferred loan fees, less costs, which are included in interest income over the life of the loan. (2) Presented on an FTE basis using the statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 1,816 and 1,575 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (3) Loan fees included in interest income totaled 3,647 and 2,719 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net interest income totaled 87.7 million and 87.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net interest income on an FTE basis totaled 89.5 million and 89.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the FTE net interest margin narrowed five basis points to 3.87 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on earning assets increased 45 basis points, driven by an increase in loan yields. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the cost of funds increased 56 basis points to 2.36 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

 70 

Table of Contents 
 Average loans comprised 7.7 billion, or 84.2 , of total average interest earning assets during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.5 billion, or 82.7 , during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in average loan balances was driven by loan originations during the period. Average investment securities comprised 14.6 and 15.2 of total interest earning assets during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Average interest bearing cash balances totaled 70.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 130.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Average interest bearing liabilities increased 0.4 billion during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by organic balance sheet growth. The increase was driven by higher interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits totaling 599.5 million and time deposits totaling 46.8 million. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in FHLB advances totaling 284.1 million and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of 2.1 million. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the components of net interest income on an FTE basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the nine months ended For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average balance Interest Average rate Average balance Interest Average rate Interest earning assets: Originated loans FTE (1)(2)(3) 6,124,757 311,112 6.79 5,656,309 258,528 6.11 Acquired loans 1,546,482 70,413 6.08 1,718,523 79,526 6.19 Loans held for sale 15,661 862 7.35 23,494 1,189 6.77 Investment securities available-for-sale 781,454 14,336 2.45 786,087 11,655 1.98 Investment securities held-to-maturity 563,975 7,277 1.72 629,507 8,364 1.77 Other securities 28,771 1,398 6.48 46,480 2,513 7.21 Interest earning deposits 84,920 2,004 3.15 120,633 3,369 3.73 Total interest earning assets FTE (2) 9,146,020 407,402 5.95 8,981,033 365,144 5.44 Cash and due from banks 96,510 110,902 Other assets 768,521 724,305 Allowance for credit losses (97,327) (91,110) Total assets 9,913,724 9,725,130 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits 5,064,386 116,240 3.07 4,197,603 55,070 1.75 Time deposits 1,015,081 25,340 3.33 965,750 14,545 2.01 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 17,839 16 0.12 19,863 17 0.11 Long-term debt, net 54,307 1,555 3.82 53,997 1,555 3.85 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 89,918 3,774 5.61 449,060 17,075 5.08 Total interest bearing liabilities 6,241,531 146,925 3.14 5,686,273 88,262 2.08 Demand deposits 2,253,986 2,751,537 Other liabilities 170,005 141,110 Total liabilities 8,665,522 8,578,920 Shareholders' equity 1,248,202 1,146,210 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 9,913,724 9,725,130 Net interest income FTE (2) 260,477 276,882 Interest rate spread FTE (2) 2.81 3.36 Net interest earning assets 2,904,489 3,294,760 Net interest margin FTE (2) 3.80 4.12 Average transaction deposits 7,318,372 6,949,140 Average total deposits 8,333,453 7,914,890 Ratio of average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 146.53 157.94 

(1) Originated loans are net of deferred loan fees, less costs, which are included in interest income over the life of the loan. (2) Presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,220 and 4,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (3) Loan fees included in interest income totaled 9,859 and 8,120 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net interest income totaled 255.3 million and 272.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net interest income on an FTE basis totaled 260.5 million and 276.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the FTE net interest margin narrowed 32 basis points to 3.80 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The yield on earning assets increased 51 basis points, driven by an increase in earning assets and increases in the Federal Reserve Bank s interest rates. The cost of funds increased 91 basis points to 2.31 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Average loans comprised 7.7 billion, or 83.9 , of total average interest earning assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.4 billion, or 82.1 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in average loan balances was driven by loan originations during the period. 

 72 

Table of Contents 
 Average investment securities comprised 14.7 and 15.8 of total interest earning assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Average interest bearing cash balances totaled 84.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 120.6 million for the same period in the prior year. Average balances of interest bearing liabilities increased 0.6 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by organic balance sheet and strategic acquisition growth. The increase was driven by higher interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits totaling 0.9 billion and time deposits totaling 49.3 million. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in FHLB advances totaling 359.1 million and securities sold under agreements to repurchase of 2.0 million. The cost of funds increased 91 basis points to 2.31 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.40 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 73 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the changes in net interest income on an FTE basis by major category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, identifying changes related to volume and changes related to rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023: 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to compared to Three months ended September 30, 2023 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Increase (decrease) due to Increase (decrease) due to Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest income: Originated loans FTE (1)(2)(3) 7,780 7,810 15,590 23,795 28,789 52,584 Acquired loans (2,813) (642) (3,455) (7,833) (1,280) (9,113) Loans held for sale (72) 8 (64) (431) 104 (327) Investment securities available-for-sale 184 1,165 1,349 (85) 2,766 2,681 Investment securities held-to-maturity (272) (69) (341) (846) (241) (1,087) Other securities (199) (97) (296) (860) (255) (1,115) Interest earning deposits (465) (184) (649) (843) (522) (1,365) Total interest income 4,143 7,991 12,134 12,897 29,361 42,258 Interest expense: Interest bearing demand, savings and money market deposits 4,687 8,248 12,935 19,895 41,275 61,170 Time deposits 415 2,593 3,008 1,231 9,564 10,795 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (1) (1) (2) 1 (1) Long-term debt, net 3 (3) 9 (9) Federal Home Loan Bank advances (4,003) 78 (3,925) (15,074) 1,773 (13,301) Total interest expense 1,101 10,916 12,017 6,059 52,604 58,663 Net change in net interest income 3,042 (2,925) 117 6,838 (23,243) (16,405) 

(1) Originated loans are net of deferred loan fees, less costs, which are included in interest income over the life of the loan. (2) Presented on an FTE basis using the statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 1,816 and 1,575 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The taxable equivalent adjustments included above are 5,220 and 4,432 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (3) Loan fees included in interest income totaled 3,647 and 2,719 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Loan fees included in interest income totaled 9,859 and 8,120 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Below is a breakdown of average deposits and the average rates paid during the periods indicated: 

For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Average Average Average Average rate Average rate Average rate Average rate balance paid balance paid balance paid balance paid Non-interest bearing demand 2,226,807 0.00 2,553,619 0.00 2,253,986 0.00 2,751,537 0.00 Interest bearing demand 1,340,770 2.86 1,336,562 2.44 1,394,962 2.96 1,186,197 1.92 Money market accounts 3,177,041 3.62 2,503,368 2.85 3,034,221 3.56 2,246,463 2.10 Savings accounts 616,839 1.03 695,253 0.58 635,203 0.95 764,943 0.47 Time deposits 1,039,563 3.53 992,755 2.48 1,015,081 3.33 965,750 2.01 Total average deposits 8,401,020 2.34 8,081,557 1.64 8,333,453 2.27 7,914,890 1.18 Provision for credit losses The provision for credit losses represents the amount of expense that is necessary to bring the ACL to a level that we deem appropriate to absorb estimated lifetime losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The determination of the ACL, and the resultant provision for credit losses, is subjective and involves significant estimates and assumptions. The Company recorded provision for credit loss expense totaling 2.0 million and 4.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by higher reserve requirements from changes in the CECL model s underlying economic forecast. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded provision expense for credit losses of 

 74 

Table of Contents 
 1.1 million and 3.7 million, respectively. Included in the provision for credit losses was zero and 0.1 million of provision release for unfunded loan commitments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The allowance for credit losses totaled 1.23 of total loans for September 30, 2024 and 2023. Non-interest income The table below details the components of non-interest income for the periods presented: 

For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, September 30, Three months Nine months Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount Change Amount Change Service charges 4,912 4,849 13,598 13,394 63 1.3 204 1.5 Bank card fees 4,832 4,993 14,292 14,721 (161) (3.2) (429) (2.9) Mortgage banking income 2,981 4,688 8,932 11,614 (1,707) (36.4) (2,682) (23.1) Bank-owned life insurance income 759 882 2,228 2,559 (123) (13.9) (331) (12.9) Other non-interest income 4,905 3,953 11,062 5,565 952 24.1 5,497 98.8 Total non-interest income 18,389 19,365 50,112 47,853 (976) (5.0) 2,259 4.7 Non-interest income totaled 18.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 19.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other non-interest income increased 1.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven by our diversified sources of fee revenue including gains on SBA loan sales and trust income. Mortgage banking income decreased 1.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to the sustained higher-interest rate environment driving lower mortgage volume. Non-interest income totaling 50.1 million increased 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 47.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by our diversified sources of fee revenue including increases of 2.1 million from gains on sales of SBA loans, 0.5 million from swap fee income and 0.4 million from trust income, in addition to Cambr fee income, all included in other non-interest income. Mortgage banking income decreased 2.7 million, as the sustained higher-interest rate environment has lowered mortgage volume. Included in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.2 million in net impairments related to venture capital investments classified as non-marketable securities, compared to 4.4 million in net impairments in the same period during the prior year. Non-interest expense The table below details the components of non-interest expense for the periods presented: 

For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, Three months Nine months Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amount Change Amount Change Salaries and benefits 37,331 35,027 110,784 103,231 2,304 6.6 7,553 7.3 Occupancy and equipment 9,697 9,167 29,758 27,366 530 5.8 2,392 8.7 Data processing 4,398 3,546 12,581 10,257 852 24.0 2,324 22.7 Marketing and business development 1,091 1,037 2,836 2,997 54 5.2 (161) (5.4) FDIC deposit insurance 1,297 1,686 4,073 5,433 (389) (23.1) (1,360) (25.0) Bank card expenses 1,176 1,667 3,916 4,260 (491) (29.5) (344) (8.1) Professional fees 2,111 2,215 5,463 7,951 (104) (4.7) (2,488) (31.3) Other non-interest expense 5,084 4,250 14,698 13,003 834 19.6 1,695 13.0 Other intangible assets amortization 1,977 2,008 5,962 5,378 (31) (1.5) 584 10.9 Total non-interest expense 64,162 60,603 190,071 179,876 3,559 5.9 10,195 5.7 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, non-interest expense increased 3.6 million, or 5.9 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to ongoing investments in technology. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, salaries and benefits increased 2.3 million, compared to the same period during the prior year. Data processing increased 0.9 million and occupancy and equipment increased 0.5 million. 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, non-interest expense totaled 190.1 million, an increase of 5.7 , compared to 179.9 million for the same period during the prior year, largely due to ongoing investments in technology and the Cambr acquisition in April 2023. Salaries and benefits increased 7.6 million, occupancy and equipment increased 2.4 million and data processing increased 2.3 million. Other intangible assets amortization increased 0.6 million due to our Cambr acquisition in April of 2023. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 2.5 million in professional fees and a decrease of 1.4 million in FDIC deposit insurance. Income taxes Income tax expense totaled 6.8 million and 19.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 totaled 9.3 million and 27.8 million, respectively. The decreases over the prior periods were driven by lower pre-tax income. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.0 and 18.0 , respectively, compared to 20.5 and 20.3 for the same periods in the prior year. Additional information regarding income taxes can be found in note 19 of our audited consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K . Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Liquidity risk management is an important element in our asset/liability management. The Company maintains a robust liquidity profile at its holding company and the Banks collectively as well as separately. The Company is prudently managing liquidity in the current environment and maintains a liquidity profile focused on core deposits and stable long-term funding sources. Liquidity is supplemented with a variety of secured and unsecured wholesale funding sources across the maturity spectrum, which allows for the effective management of concentration and rollover risk. The Company s corporate treasury team measures liquidity needs through daily cash monitoring, weekly cash projections and monthly liquidity measures reviewed in conjunction with Board-approved liquidity policy limits. The Company also regularly conducts stress tests to its Board-approved contingency funding plan to assess potential liquidity outflows or funding concerns resulting from economic disruptions, volatility in the financial markets, unexpected credit events or other significant occurrences deemed problematic by management. These scenarios are incorporated into the contingency funding plan, which provides the basis for the identification of our liquidity needs and are monitored monthly by our Asset and Liability Committee. The Company s primary sources of funds include revenue from interest income and noninterest income as well as cash flows from loan repayments, payments from securities related to maturities and amortization, the sale of loans, and funds generated by core deposits, in addition to the use of private debt offerings. On-balance sheet liquidity is represented by our cash and cash equivalents, and unencumbered investment securities, and is detailed in the table below as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and due from banks 180,796 190,826 Unencumbered investment securities, at fair value 473,831 338,555 Total 654,627 529,381 Total on-balance sheet liquidity increased 125.2 million at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, due to higher unencumbered investment securities of 135.3 million, partially offset by lower cash and due from banks of 10.0 million. The Company s investment portfolio remains positioned in liquid and readily marketable instruments and is a significant source of on-balance sheet collateral to secure borrowing capacity. Our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established Asset and Liability Committee objectives and is structured as a liquidity portfolio, and only security fair values are used for the liquidity assessment. The fair value of total investment securities was 1.2 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.1 billion at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value was inclusive of pre-tax net unrealized losses of 80.9 million on the available-for-sale securities portfolio. Additionally, our held-to-maturity securities portfolio had 67.4 million of pre-tax net unrealized losses. The gross unrealized gains and losses are detailed in note 3 of our consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2024, our 

 76 

Table of Contents 
 investment securities portfolio consisted primarily of MBS, all of which were issued or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or sponsored enterprises. The anticipated repayments and marketability of these securities offer substantial resources and flexibility to meet new loan demand, reinvest in the investment securities portfolio, or provide optionality for reductions in our deposit funding base. At September 30, 2024, the duration of the investment securities portfolio was 3.9 years and the weighted average life was 4.8 years. As part of its liquidity management activities, the Company pledges collateral at its secured funding providers to ensure immediate availability of funding, which includes maintaining borrowing capacity at both the FHLB and the Federal Reserve. The Company does not consider borrowing capacity at the Federal Reserve a primary source of funding; however, it could be used as a potential source of funds in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. The amount of available contingent secured borrowing capacity may fluctuate based on the level of borrowings outstanding and level of assets pledged. The table below details those amounts as of the dates shown: 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Available FHLB borrowing capacity 1,769,506 1,409,077 Federal Reserve Bank discount window 899,332 102,078 Total off-balance sheet funds available 2,668,838 1,511,155 The Company had pledged 2.6 billion of loans as collateral to the FHLB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. FHLB borrowing capacity totaled 1.8 billion at September 30, 2024, including outstanding borrowings and the remaining FHLB funds available shown in the table above. At September 30, 2024, the Company had no outstanding borrowings with the FHLB, compared to 340.0 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the Company s available secured and committed borrowing capacity at the FHLB and Federal Reserve totaled 2.7 billion, compared to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2023. In addition to core deposit and secured funding, the Company also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term unsecured funding sources, which includes access to Cambr platform deposits, multiple brokered deposit platform options and lines of credit. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response to changing balance sheet needs, as well as within prudently defined concentration and policy limits. The Company executes periodic test trades to assess the level of access and operational processes associated with its secured and unsecured funding sources. We anticipate that the sources of funds discussed above will provide adequate funding and liquidity for at least a 12-month period and the foreseeable future, and we may utilize any combination of these funding sources for long-term liquidity needs if deemed prudent. Our primary uses of funds are loan fundings, investment security purchases, withdrawals of deposits, capital expenditures, operating expenses, and share repurchases. At present, financing activities primarily consist of changes in deposits and repurchase agreements, and advances from the FHLB, in addition to the payment of dividends and the repurchase of our common stock. Maturing time deposits represent a potential use of funds. As of September 30, 2024, 842.9 million of time deposits were scheduled to mature within 12 months. Based on the current interest rate environment and market conditions, our consumer banking strategy is to focus on attracting and maintaining both lower cost transaction accounts and time deposits. During 2021, the Company entered into a subordinated note purchase agreement to issue and sell a fixed-to-floating note. The Company deployed the net proceeds from the sale of the note for general corporate purposes. The note is not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Additionally, as part of the acquisition of BOJH on October 1, 2022, the Company assumed three subordinated note purchase agreements to issue and sell fixed-to-floating rate notes. The balance on all subordinated notes totaled 54.4 million at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, the balance on the notes, totaled 54.2 million. Capital Under the Basel III requirements, at September 30, 2024, the Company, NBH Bank and Bank of Jackson Hole Trust met all capital adequacy requirements, and the Banks had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions. For more information on regulatory capital, see note 10 in our consolidated financial statements. 

 77 

Table of Contents 
 Our shareholders' equity is impacted by earnings, changes in unrealized gains and losses on securities, net of tax, stock-based compensation activity, share repurchases, shares issued in connection with acquisitions and the payment of dividends. The Board of Directors has from time to time authorized multiple programs to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock either in open market or in privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable regulations of the SEC. On May 9, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new program to repurchase up to 50.0 million of the Company s stock. The remaining authorization under the program as of September 30, 2024 was 50.0 million. On October 22, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.29 per common share, payable on December 13, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 29, 2024. Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk The Board of Directors meets as often as necessary, but no less than quarterly, to review financial statements, public filings, significant accounting policy changes and any risk management issues. The Board also oversees the performance of our internal audit function as well as serves as an independent and objective body to monitor and assess our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as well as internal control systems. Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for managing interest rate risk and employing risk management policies that monitor and limit this exposure. Interest rate risk is measured using net interest income simulations and market value of portfolio equity analyses. These analyses use various assumptions, including the nature and timing of interest rate changes, yield curve shape, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, and reinvestment/replacement of asset and liability cash flows. Interest rate risk results from following: 

Repricing risk timing differences in the repricing and maturity of interest-earning assets and interest bearing liabilities; Option risk changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities, such as borrowers ability to prepay loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity; Yield curve risk changes in the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion; and Basis risk changes in spread relationships between different yield curves. 
 The Asset Liability Committee, a cross-functional committee comprised of executive management and senior leaders, meets monthly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of the Company's assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, local and national market conditions and interest rates. The Asset Liability Committee also reviews the liquidity, capital, deposit mix, loan mix and investment positions of the Company. The Company's principal objective regarding asset and liability management is to evaluate interest rate risk within the balance sheet and pursue a controlled assumption of interest rate risk while preserving adequate levels of liquidity and capital. Instantaneous parallel rate shift scenarios are modeled and utilized to evaluate risk and establish exposure limits for acceptable changes in net interest margin. These scenarios, known as rate shocks, simulate an instantaneous change in interest rates and utilize various assumptions, including, but not limited to, prepayments on loans and securities, deposit decay rates, pricing decisions on loans and deposits, reinvestment and replacement of asset and liability cash flows. We also analyze the economic value of equity as a secondary measure of interest rate risk. This is a complementary measure to net interest income where the calculated value is the result of the market value of assets less the market value of liabilities. The economic value of equity is a longer term view of interest rate risk because it measures the present value of the net future cash flows. The impact of changes in interest rates on this calculation is analyzed for the risk to our future earnings and is used in conjunction with the analyses on net interest income. Our interest rate risk model indicated that the Company was in a relatively neutral position in terms of interest rate sensitivity at September 30, 2024. The table below illustrates the impact of an immediate and sustained 200 and 100 basis point increase and a 100 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 and 200 basis point decrease in interest rates on net interest income based on the interest rate risk model at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Hypothetical shift in interest change in projected net interest income rates (in bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 200 1.16 (0.18) 100 0.60 (0.06) (100) (0.73) (0.09) (200) (1.49) (0.33) Many assumptions are used to calculate the impact of interest rate fluctuations. Actual results may be significantly different than our projections due to several factors, including the timing and frequency of rate changes, market conditions and the shape of the yield curve. The computations of interest rate risk shown above do not include actions that management may undertake to manage the risks in response to anticipated changes in interest rates and actual results may also differ due to any actions taken in response to the changing rates. As part of the asset/liability management strategy to manage primary market risk exposures expected to be in effect in future reporting periods, management has executed interest rate derivatives primarily using floors and collars. For further discussion of the Company s derivative contracts refer to note 15. The strategy with respect to liabilities has been to continue to emphasize transaction deposit growth, particularly non-interest or low interest bearing non-maturing deposit accounts while building long-term client relationships. Non-maturing deposit accounts totaled 87.6 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 88.0 at December 31, 2023. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increasing operating costs and non-interest expense. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, changes in interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than do changes in the general rate of inflation and changes in prices. Interest rate changes do not necessarily move in the same direction, nor have the same magnitude, as changes in the prices of goods and services. Inflationary factors may have some impact on our total assets, earnings, capital levels, our ability to grow, and, particularly, our clients. While we plan to continue our disciplined approach to expense management, an inflationary environment may cause wage pressures and general increases in our cost of doing business, which may increase our non-interest expense. Off-Balance Sheet Activities In the normal course of business, we are a party to various contractual obligations, commitments and other off-balance sheet activities that contain credit, market, and operational risk that are not required to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. The most significant of these are the loan commitments that we enter into to meet the financing needs of clients, including commitments to extend credit, commercial and consumer lines of credit and standby letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had loan commitments totaling 1.5 billion and 1.6 billion, respectively, and standby letters of credit totaling 14.2 million and 13.0 million, respectively. Unused commitments do not necessarily represent future credit exposure or cash requirements, as commitments often expire without being drawn upon. Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIV E DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The information called for by this item is provided under the caption Asset/Liability Management and Interest Rate Risk in Part I, Item 2-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE S Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there were no changes made in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

 80 

Table of Contents 
 PART II: OTHER INFORMATIO N Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows or capital levels. Item 1A. RISK FACTOR S There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUIT Y SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Maximum Total number of approximate dollar shares purchased value of shares as part of publicly that may yet be Total number Average price announced plans purchased under the Period of shares purchased paid per share or programs plans or programs (2) July 1 - July 31, 2024 (1) 1,480 41.88 50,000,000 August 1 - August 31, 2024 (1) 1,932 41.37 50,000,000 Total 3,412 41.59 

(1) Represents shares purchased other than through publicly announced plans purchased pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plans at the then current market value in satisfaction of stock option exercise prices, settlements of restricted stock and tax withholdings. (2) On May 9, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new program to repurchase up to 50.0 million of the Company s stock from time to time in either the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The remaining authorization under the program as of September 30, 2024 was 50.0 million. Item 5. OTHER INFORMATIO N . 

 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. EXHIBIT S 3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-177971), filed August 22, 2012) 

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014, filed November 7, 2014) 

10.1 

Employment Agreement, dated September 10, 2024, by and between Nicole Van Denabeele and National Bank Holdings Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K, filed on September 10, 2024) 

10.2 

Form of Transition Agreement (filed herewith) 

31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 

Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

82 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. National Bank Holdings Corporation 

By 

 /s/ Nicole Van Denabeele 

Nicole Van Denabeele 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

Date: November 5, 2024 

 83 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 nbhc-20240930xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 
 Transition Agreement THIS TRANSITION AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of [_______] (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and between NBH Bank, a Colorado state-chartered bank and National Bank Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation (collectively, the Company ), and [_______] (the Executive ). WHEREAS, the Executive served as [_______] of the Company; WHEREAS, the Executive shall resign from the Company, effective as of [_______] (the Resignation Date WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and the Executive have mutually determined that, to ensure an orderly transition of the Executive s duties and responsibilities, the Executive should continue to carry the title of [_______] as of the Effective Date, which position is a non-executive, non-officer employee until the Resignation Date as further described herein; WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are parties to that certain Change of Control Agreement, dated as of [_______] (the Change of Control Agreement and WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive now desire to enter into a mutually satisfactory arrangement concerning, among other things, the Executive s transition to a non-executive, non-officer advisory role effective as of the Effective Date, and employment by the Company through the Resignation Date, and other matters related thereto. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows: 1. Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become binding and enforceable as of the Effective Date, subject to its execution by the Executive and the Company and the Executive s continued employment. 
 2. Transition Period . The term of the Executive s employment hereunder shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the Resignation Date (the Transition Period ), unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5 .
 3. Position; Duties .
 (a) Resignation of Officer and Director Positions . Effective as of the close of business on the Effective Date, by virtue of executing this Agreement and without any further action by the Executive, the Executive hereby resigns his/her positions as [_______] of the Company and as a member of the board of directors of, and/or as a manager of, any of the Company s affiliates, but not as an employee of the Company. 
 (b) Position and Duties During Transition Period . During the Transition Period, the Executive shall continue as a non-executive, non-officer employee of the Company, 

reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and shall perform such advisory duties and services as reasonably directed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with a focus on providing direction on specific enumerated projects detailed by the CEO. 
 (c) Acknowledgments . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that for purposes of all plans, agreements, policies, and arrangements of the Company and its affiliates in which the Executive participated or to which the Executive was a party (including, without limitation, the Change of Control Agreement), the resignation of the Executive from his/her officer and director positions with the Company and its affiliates on the Effective Date and the Executive s ceasing to be employed by the Company on the Resignation Date shall, in each case, be a voluntary resignation and separation, as applicable. Moreover, in the case of any such plan, agreement, policy, or arrangement that includes the concept of resignation with good reason or a similar term of like meaning, the Executive agrees that such resignations on the Effective Date and the Executive s resignation on the Resignation Date shall be considered to have been made without Good Reason or such similar term. The Executive understands and agrees that for purposes of the Change of Control Agreement, Executive s failure to voluntarily resign his/her employment on or before [_______], as provided for in this Agreement, shall constitute Cause under which the Company may terminate his/her employment effective [_______]. Such termination would not trigger any Cure Period in any agreement (including the Change of Control Agreement) and would be effective on [_______]. 
 4. Compensation and Benefits . During the Transition Period, subject to the Executive s continued employment with the Company and his/her compliance with the terms of this Agreement: 
 (a) Base Salary . The Executive shall receive a base salary at an annual rate of [_______], which base salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. 
 (b) [_______] Annual Incentive Payment . The Executive shall be eligible for a prorated annual cash incentive payment pursuant to the terms of the Company s annual cash incentive plan applicable to the Executive as of the date hereof for the [_______] calendar year based on actual performance of the Company pursuant to the current terms of such plan, the bonus criteria previously established by the Board, and the number of days elapsed in [_______] through [_______], which prorated amount (if any) shall be payable at the same time annual incentive payments are payable to employees of the Company generally (other than any portion of such annual incentive payment that was previously deferred by the Executive, which portion shall instead be paid in accordance with the applicable deferral arrangement and any election thereunder). 
 (c) Outstanding Equity Awards . For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding equity awards held by the Executive as of the Effective Date shall continue to vest in accordance with their respective terms during the Transition Period.
 (d) No Other Incentive Compensation . Other than as set forth in Sections 4(b) and 4(c) , the Executive shall not be eligible for payments or awards under the Company s cash or equity incentive plans.

 -2- 

(e) Employee Benefits . During the Transition Period, the Executive shall continue to be provided with employee benefits, fringe benefits, and perquisites that are provided to employees of the Company generally from time to time. 
 (f) Expense Reimbursement . During the Transition Period, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by him/her in the performance of his/her duties in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 (g) Eligibility for Rehire. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall: (i) affect the ability of the Executive and the Company to negotiate mutually agreeable terms of employment related to other positions within the Company, or (b) cause the Executive to be ineligible for rehire by the Company. 
 5. Termination of Employment .
 (a) Resignation . The Executive s employment with the Company shall, by virtue of executing this Agreement and without any further action by the Company or the Executive, terminate on the Resignation Date. 
 (b) Death . The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Transition Period. 
 (c) By the Company . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment during the Transition Period with Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause has the meaning set forth in the Change of Control Agreement.
 (d) By the Executive . The Executive may terminate the Executive s employment during the Transition Period for any or no reason. 
 (e) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company with Cause, or by the Executive for any or no reason, shall be communicated by notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 9(h) (a Notice of Termination ).
 (f) Date of Termination . For purposes of this Agreement, Date of Termination means: (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Executive, a date that is no earlier than 30 days, and no later than 60 days, following receipt by the Company of a Notice of Termination; (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company with Cause, the date on which the Company, after providing for the Executive s cure period, if applicable, notifies the Executive of such termination; (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death, the date of death; and (iv) if the Executive s employment terminates in accordance with Section 5(a) , the Resignation Date.
 6. Obligations of the Company upon Termination . Upon any termination of the Executive s employment during or upon completion of the Transition Period, the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive the following: (a) a lump sum cash payment consisting of the Executive s base salary through the Date of Termination to the extent not yet paid; and (b) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or provide to the Executive any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive 

 -3- 

is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy, or practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its affiliates through the Date of Termination (including, without limitation, any equity or incentive compensation plan), and shall pay such unreimbursed expenses incurred through the Date of Termination as are subject to reimbursement pursuant to Section 4(f) .
 7. Change in Control . Executive acknowledges that he/she shall not be entitled to any payment in connection with a Change of Control. For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Change of Control Agreement.
 8. Restrictive Covenants; Clawback and Recoupment . The Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 8 of the Change of Control Agreement shall remain in full force and effect following the Date of Termination in accordance with their respective terms. 
 9. Miscellaneous .
 (a) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement is personal to the Executive and, without the prior written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by the Executive. This Agreement and any rights and benefits hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal representatives, heirs, or legatees. This Agreement and any rights and benefits hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to satisfy all of the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to satisfy such obligations if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
 (b) Withholding . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local, or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 (c) Governing Law . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to the conflict of law provisions of any state. 
 (d) Dispute Resolution . Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement (other than a controversy or claim arising under Section 8 that is not resolved by the Executive and the Company shall be submitted to arbitration in a location selected by the Company in accordance with Colorado law and the procedures of the American Arbitration Association. The determination of the arbitrator shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and the Executive and judgment may be entered on the arbitrator(s) awards in any court having competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this 

 -4- 

Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted (but only to the extent that such provision cannot be appropriately reformed or modified). 
 (f) Amendment; Entire Agreement . No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified, waived, or discharged unless such amendment, modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and such writing is signed by the Company and the Executive. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Change of Control Agreement (except as explicitly provided in Section 2(c) (definitions of Cause and Good Reason) and Section 8 (restrictive covenants) .
 (g) Waiver of Breach . No waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by any other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, shall operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party of any similar or dissimilar provisions and conditions at the same or any prior or subsequent time. The failure of any party hereto to take any action by reason of such breach shall not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 (h) Notice . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 
 
 if to the Executive: At the address most recently on the books and records of the Company. if to the Company: National Bank Holdings Corporation 7800 East Orchard Road, Suite 300 Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111 Attention: Legal Department or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. (i) Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 (j) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 [ Signature Page Follows ] 
 -5- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. NATIONAL BANK HOLDINGS CORPORATION By: Name: Title: NBH BANK By: Name: Title: [Executive Name] 
 [ Signature Page to Transition Agreement ] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nbhc-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certifications of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, G. Timothy Laney, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of National Bank Holdings Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 November 5, 2024 

 /s/ G. Timothy Laney 

G. Timothy Laney 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nbhc-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certifications of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Nicole Van Denabeele, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of National Bank Holdings Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

 November 5, 2024 

 /s/ Nicole Van Denabeele 

Nicole Van Denabeele 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 nbhc-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32 Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the quarterly report of National Bank Holdings Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers certifies pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: (1) this Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ G. Timothy Laney G. Timothy Laney Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ Nicole Van Denabeele Nicole Van Denabeele Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nbhc-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nbhc-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nbhc-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nbhc-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nbhc-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

