<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_55234_0001477932-24-007166.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1509164</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>32521</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>348365</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>344986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>331986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>424148</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007166.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114115339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000055234
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				132610105
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08962
		FILM NUMBER:		241459038

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		721 BEACH STREET
		CITY:			DAYTONA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-372-6900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		721 BEACH STREET
		CITY:			DAYTONA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KENILWORTH RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19791218

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCHOOL FOR COMPUTER STUDIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19721130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007166.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 kens_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

kens_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. As of November 12, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kenilworth Systems Corporation and subsidiaries, a Wyoming corporation (the Company ), contains forward- looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors are discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-Q, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 2 KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPT. 30, 2024 INDEX Index Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Nine Month Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (unaudited) F-6 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 4 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 5 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 5 Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 7 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 7 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 7 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 7 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 7 Item 5. Other Information. 7 Item 6. Exhibits. 8 Signatures 9 3 Table of Contents INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Nine Month Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 F-1 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS Current Assets SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Due from Related Party Subscription Receivables Prepaid expense Total current assets License agreements Security deposits Intellectual Property Proprietary Databases and Technology Trademarks and Tradenames TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Due to related parties Note Payable Deferred Income Total current liabilities Total other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders' Equity Series A convertible preferred stock, par value - authorized shares, shares, issued and outstanding Series B convertible preferred stock, par value - authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Series C convertible preferred stock, par value - authorized shares, shares issued and outstanding, respectively Common stock, par value - authorized shares, and shares issued and outstanding, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 respectively Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit Non-Controlling Interest TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Nine Months ended SEPTEMBER 30, Nine Months ended SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) Operating revenue: Revenue Cost of sales Gross Profit Operating expenses: Bank Charges Fees Legal Professional Services General and Administrative Expense Total operating expenses Loss from operations NCI Other Income (expenses) Total other income/(expense) Net Income/ loss Earnings per share Basic The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024. Description Shares Preferred Stock A Amount Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital NCI Accumulated Deficit Total Balance Balance Jan 1, 2023 - Common stock issued - - Preferred Stock A Preferred Stock B - Preferred Stock C - Additional paid in capital - Net (loss) - NCI Balance December 31, 2023 Balance Balance Jan 1, 2024 Common stock issued Additional paid in capital - Net (loss) - - Balance Sept 30, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 Period Ended Sept 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Period Ended Sept 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Additional Paid-In-Capital Changes in: Prepaid expenses and receivables Due to related party Payroll tax liabilities Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities License agreements Intangible Assets Intellectual Property Proprietary Databases and Technology Trademarks and Tradenames Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Common Stock Additional Paid-In-Capital Note Payables Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 Principle of consolidation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents cash as of September 30, 2024. F-6 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 Income Taxes Revenue Recognition . Basic Income (Loss) Per Share F-7 Table of Contents KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 Recent Accounting Pronouncements and respectively. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and ongoing operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. F-8 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and other parts of this report include forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical facts and often address future events or our future performance. Words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, may, will, might, plan, predict, believe, should, could and similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements contained in this MD A include statements about, among other things: our beliefs regarding the market and demand for our products or the component products we resell; our ability to develop and launch new products that are attractive to the market and stimulate customer demand for these products; our plans relating to our intellectual property, including our goals of monetizing, licensing, expanding and defending our patent portfolio; our expectations and strategies regarding outstanding legal proceedings and patent reexaminations relating to our intellectual property portfolio; our expectations with respect to any strategic partnerships or other similar relationships we may pursue; the competitive landscape of our industry; general market, economic and political conditions; our business strategies and objectives; our expectations regarding our future operations and financial position, including revenues, costs and prospects, and our liquidity and capital resources, including cash flows, sufficiency of cash resources, efforts to reduce expenses and the potential for future financings; our ability to remediate any material weakness and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and the impact of the above factors and other future events on the market price and the liquidity of our Common Stock. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS On September 30, 2023, the Company completed a Share Exchange in which it acquired a 60 controlling equity interest in Regenecell, Inc., a Florida corporation which has been newly-formed and is engaged in the business of medical travel consulting and referral services. The Founder and President of Regenecell, Steven Swank, exchanged 600,000 of his Shares of Common Stock of Regenecell, Inc. for 2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock of the Company in a tax-free exchange. As a result of this transaction, of the total 1,000,000 Shares of Common Stock of Regenecell, Inc. authorized, issued, and outstanding, the Company owns 600,000 Shares representing 60 , and Mr. Swank owns the remaining 400,000 Shares, representing a 40 minority interest. Regenecell is the operating subsidiary of the Company, and the Company is preparing a marketing program to expand the business operations of Regenecell. Current management, under the guidance of Dan Snyder, has several plans it hopes to put in place. Our intentions are to protect the shareholders and Directors and bring the Company into a well- run 21st century cutting edge company through the following steps: a.) Review the books and records of the Company for the previous Nine (9) years, have all necessary filings updated and/or restated as needed, reach agreements with all authorities and present audited financials. b.) The Company s management team is presently reviewing acquisition opportunities in both the emerging medical technologies field as well as in emerging energy technologies. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not entered into any definitive agreements with respect to any acquisition opportunities. In addition, the Company is preparing a Marketing Plan to expand the business operations of it s Regenecell, Inc. subsidiary. Of course, there are no assurances that we can obtain the financing or achieve these goals. Kenilworth has begun a major corporate restructuring designed to focus the Company s efforts on its core business and maximize shareholder value. 4 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Company had revenue of 5,000 and 9,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our operating expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 252,587, from 138,375 for the same period of 2023. Major operating expenses include officers compensation, professional fees and research and development costs. Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 247,587) as compared to the net loss of 138,375) during the same period ended in 2023. We had 912 cash at September 30, 2024, compared to 19,699 cash at December 31, 2023. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The SEC issued Financial Reporting Release No. 60, Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies suggesting that companies provide additional disclosure and commentary on their most critical accounting policies. In Financial Reporting Release No. 60, the SEC has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and operating results and require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the following significant policies as critical to the understanding of our financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make a variety of estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and (ii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods covered by the financial statements. Our management expects to make judgments and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions affecting the future resolution of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. Although we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates and assumptions based upon actual results may have a material impact on our results. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, Daniel Snyder, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive, financial and accounting officer), and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 5 Table of Contents The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our chief executive officer and acting chief financial officer (principal executive, financial and accounting officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment under those criteria, management has determined that, as of September 30, 2024, our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective for the reasons set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As set forth in that Report the Company intends to take various remedial measures described therein as its capital resources permit. Changes in Internal Controls During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there was no change in internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 6 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. The Company is not currently subject to any legal proceedings. From time to time, the Company may become subject to litigation or proceedings in connection with its business, as either a plaintiff or defendant. There are no such pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party that, in the opinion of management, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act), we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item 1A. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. During the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,400,000 Shares of Common Stock to nine investors for aggregate consideration of 159,050. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. None. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. The Company plans to hold its next Annual Meeting of Shareholders as soon as practicable with proxy materials mailed to shareholders of record at least twenty (20) days prior to the proposed meeting date. Our new management team, auditors and counsel are anticipating a number of issues to be voted on at that time. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. (a) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation SK. Number Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) __________________ XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 8 Table of Contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed in its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION Dated: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Snyder Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 9 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kens_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 kens_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION I, Daniel Snyder, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kenilworth Systems Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION Dated: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Snyder Name: DANIEL SNYDER (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kens_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 kens_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION I, Daniel Snyder, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kenilworth Systems Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION Dated: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Snyder Name: DANIEL SNYDER (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kens_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 kens_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kenilworth Systems Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the undersigned, Daniel Snyder, President and Principal Financial Officer of Kenilworth Systems Corporation, does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kenilworth Systems Corporation. KENILWORTH SYSTEMS CORPORATION Dated: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Daniel Snyder Name: DANIEL SNYDER (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 kenilworth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kenilworth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 kenilworth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kenilworth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

