<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1866175_0001866175-24-000106.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10678852</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224080</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1687096</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3867039</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2637806</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2051431</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001866175-24-000106.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104162746
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001866175-24-000106
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crescent Energy Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41132
		FILM NUMBER:		241423993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 TRAVIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 481-7782

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 TRAVIS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 7200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IE PubCo Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001866175-24-000106.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 crgy-20240930.htm
 10-Q

crgy-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were approximately and shares outstanding of the registrant's Class A and Class B common stock, respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Glossary 
 2 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. F inancial Statements 
 5 
 Item 2 . M anagement's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3 . Q uantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 4. C ontrols and Procedures 
 57 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 58 
 Item 1 A. Risk Factors 
 58 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 58 
 Item 3 . Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 58 
 Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures 
 58 
 Item 5 . Other Information 
 58 
 Item 6 . Exhibits 
 59 
 Signatures 
 62 

1 

GLOSSARY 
 
 The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this document, which are commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry: 
 
 Barrel or Bbl One stock tank barrel, or 42 United States gallons liquid volume. 
 Boe One barrel of oil equivalent determined using the ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one barrel of crude oil or condensate. 
 Boe/d Barrels of oil equivalent per day. 
 Brent the reference price paid in U.S. dollars for a barrel of light sweet crude oil produced from the Brent field in the UK sector of the North Sea. 
 Btu British thermal unit, which is the heat required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water one degree Fahrenheit. 
 Henry Hub Henry Hub is the major exchange for pricing natural gas futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It is frequently referred to as the Henry Hub index. 
 MBbls One thousand Bbls or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
 MBbl/d One thousand Bbls or other liquid hydrocarbons per day. 
 MBoe One thousand Boe. 
 MBoe/d One thousand Boe per day. 
 Mcf One thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
 Mcf/d One thousand Mcf per day. 
 MMBoe One million Boe. 
 MMBtu One million Btus. 
 MMcf One million Mcf. 
 MMcf/d One million Mcf per day. 
 NYMEX The New York Mercantile Exchange. 
 Proved reserves Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 
 Working interest The operating interest that gives the owner the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities on the property and a share of production. 
 WTI A light crude oil produced in the United States with an American Petroleum Institute gravity of approximately 38-40 and sulfur content of approximately 0.3 . 
 
 2 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Quarterly Report") contains or incorporates by reference information that includes or is based upon "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included herein concerning, among other things, planned capital expenditures, increases in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids NGL production, the number of anticipated wells to be drilled or completed after the date hereof, future cash flows and borrowings, pursuit of potential acquisition opportunities, our financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as may, expect, estimate, project, plan, believe, intend, achievable, anticipate, will, continue, potential, should, could, and similar terms and phrases. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they do involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, among others: 
 
 our ability to integrate operations or realize any anticipated operational or corporate synergies and other benefits of the SilverBow Merger (as defined herein); 
 the risk that the SilverBow Merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to Crescent s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of Crescent shares; 
 commodity price volatility; 
 our business strategy; 
 our ability to identify and select possible additional acquisition and disposition opportunities; 
 capital requirements and uncertainty of obtaining additional funding on terms acceptable to us; 
 risks and restrictions related to our debt agreements and the level of our indebtedness; 
 our reliance on KKR Energy Assets Manager LLC as our external manager; 
 our hedging strategy and results; 
 realized oil, natural gas and NGL prices; 
 political and economic conditions and events in the U.S. and in foreign oil, natural gas and NGL producing countries, including embargoes, upcoming elections, including political and regulatory developments resulting therefrom, and associated political volatility, continued hostilities in the Middle East, including the Israel-Hamas conflict, and heightened tensions with Iran, Lebanon and Yemen, and other sustained military campaigns, the armed conflict in Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia, conditions in South America, Central America and China and acts of terrorism or sabotage; 
 general economic conditions, including the impact of inflation, elevated interest rates and associated changes in monetary policy; 
 the impact of central bank policy actions and disruptions in the capital markets; 
 the severity and duration of public health crises and any resultant impact on governmental actions, commodity prices, supply and demand considerations, and storage capacity; 
 timing and amount of our future production of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 
 a decline in oil, natural gas and NGL production, and the impact of general economic conditions on the demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs and the availability of capital; 
 unsuccessful drilling and completion D C activities and the possibility of resulting write downs; 
 our ability to meet our proposed drilling schedule and to successfully drill wells that produce oil, natural gas and NGLs in commercially viable quantities; 
 shortages of equipment, supplies, services and qualified personnel and increased costs for such equipment, supplies, services and personnel, including any delays and/or supply chain disruptions due to increased hostilities in the Middle East; 
 adverse variations from estimates of reserves, production, prices and expenditure requirements, and our inability to replace our reserves through exploration and development activities; 
 incorrect estimates associated with properties we acquire relating to estimated proved reserves, the presence or recoverability of estimated oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and the actual future production rates and associated costs of such acquired properties; 
 hazardous, risky drilling operations, including those associated with the employment of horizontal drilling techniques, and adverse weather and environmental conditions; 
 limited control over non-operated properties; 
 title defects to our properties and inability to retain our leases; 
 our ability to successfully develop our large inventory of undeveloped acreage; 
 our ability to retain key members of our senior management and key technical employees; 
 risks relating to managing our growth, particularly in connection with the integration of significant acquisitions; 
 3 

our ability to successfully execute our growth strategies; 
 impact of environmental, occupational health and safety, and other governmental regulations, and of current or pending legislation that may negatively impact the future production of oil and natural gas or drive the substitution of renewable forms of energy for oil and natural gas; 
 federal and state regulations and laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA 2022"); 
 our ability to predict and manage the effects of actions of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and agreements to set and maintain production levels, including as a result of the recent extension of production cuts by OPEC, which may be exacerbated by the increased hostilities in the Middle East and heightened tensions with Iran, Lebanon and Yemen; 
 information technology failures or cyberattacks; 
 changes in tax laws; 
 effects of competition; and 
 seasonal weather conditions. 
 
 We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties incident to the development, production, gathering and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, lack of availability and cost of drilling and production equipment and services, other risks related to the SilverBow Merger, project construction delays, environmental risks, drilling and other operating risks, lack of availability or capacity of midstream gathering and transportation infrastructure, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating reserves and in projecting future rates of production, cash flow and access to capital, including restrictions due to elevated interest rates, the timing of development expenditures and the other risks described under Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report, in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("Annual Report") and our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the SEC. 
 
 Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of hydrocarbons that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimates depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reserve engineers. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development program. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs that are ultimately recovered. 
 
 Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this Quarterly Report occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Quarterly Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 4 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable affiliates Derivative assets current Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment: Oil and natural gas properties at cost, successful efforts method Proved Unproved Oil and natural gas properties at cost, successful efforts method Field and other property and equipment, at cost Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion, amortization and impairment ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Derivative assets noncurrent Investments in equity affiliates Other assets TOTAL ASSETS The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) (in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable affiliates Derivative liabilities current Financing lease obligations current Acquired deferred acquisition consideration Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Asset retirement obligations Deferred tax liability Financing lease obligations noncurrent Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Equity: Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and Series I preferred shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares of Class A common stock as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Noncontrolling interests Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 6 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Oil Natural gas Natural gas liquids Midstream and other Total revenues Expenses: Lease operating expense Workover expense Asset operating expense Gathering, transportation and marketing Production and other taxes Depreciation, depletion and amortization Exploration expense Midstream and other operating expense General and administrative expense (Gain) loss on sale of assets ) Total expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Loss from extinguishment of debt ) ) Other income (expense) Income (loss) from equity affiliates Total other income (expense) ) ) ) Income (loss) before taxes ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Less: net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Crescent Energy ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Class A common stock basic ) ) Class A common stock diluted ) ) Class B common stock basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Class A common stock basic Class A common stock - diluted Class B common stock basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes to financial statements are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Unaudited) (in thousands) Crescent Energy Company Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Series I Preferred Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Contributions Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity based compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Contributions Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity based compensation ) Change in deferred taxes related to basis differences associated with the Class A Conversion ) ) Change in equity associated with the Class A Conversion ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity based compensation Change in deferred taxes related to basis differences associated with the Equity Issuance ) ) Change in equity associated with the Equity Issuance Balance at September 30, 2023 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 8 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Unaudited) (in thousands) Crescent Energy Company Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Series I Preferred Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity-based compensation Change in deferred taxes related to basis differences associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) ) Change in equity associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity-based compensation ) Change in deferred taxes related to basis differences associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) ) Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest Change in equity associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Contributions Distributions ) ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Equity-based compensation ) Change in deferred taxes related to basis differences associated with the SilverBow Merger and repurchases of Class A common stock ) ) Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest Changes in equity associated with the SilverBow Merger ) Repurchases of Class A common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 9 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation, depletion and amortization Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) (Gain) loss on derivatives Net cash (paid) received on settlement of derivatives ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation expense Amortization of debt issuance costs, premium and discount Loss from debt extinguishment (Gain) loss on sale of oil and natural gas properties ) Settlement of acquired derivative contracts ) Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Accounts receivable affiliates Prepaid and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Accounts payable affiliates ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Development of oil and natural gas properties ) ) Acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from the sale of oil and natural gas properties Purchases of restricted investment securities HTM ) ) Maturities of restricted investment securities HTM Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes, after premium, discount and underwriting fees Repurchase of Senior Notes, including extinguishment costs ) Revolving Credit Facility borrowings Revolving Credit Facility repayments ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from the Equity Issuance after underwriting fees Payment of Equity Issuance costs ) Redeemable noncontrolling interest contributions Redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions ) ) Repayments of debt acquired in SilverBow Merger, including extinguishment costs ) Dividend to Class A common stock ) ) Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Class A common stock dividend ) ) Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Manager Compensation ) ) Cash contributions from (cash distributions to) redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by income taxes ) Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interests related to 2024 Equity Transactions ) Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Noncontrolling interest distributions ) ) Noncontrolling interest contributions Cash paid for treasury stock acquired for equity-based compensation tax withholding ) ) Repurchases of Class A common stock ) Other ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 10 

CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Except as noted within the context of each footnote disclosure, the dollar amounts presented in the tabular data within these footnote disclosures are stated in thousands of dollars.) 
 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, all references to we, us, our, "Crescent" and the Company or similar expressions refer to Crescent Energy Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 NOTE 1 
 
 per share ("Class A Common Stock") have both voting and economic rights with respect to Crescent. Holders of Crescent Class B common stock, par value per share ("Class B Common Stock"), which shares of Class B Common Stock have voting (but no economic) rights with respect to Crescent, hold a corresponding amount of economic, non-voting OpCo Units. OpCo Units may be redeemed or exchanged for Class A Common Stock or, at our election, cash on the terms and conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of OpCo OpCo LLC Agreement ). Additionally, an affiliate of KKR Co. Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the "KKR Group") is the sole holder of Crescent's non-economic Series I preferred stock, par value per share, which entitles the holder thereof to appoint the Board of Directors of Crescent and to certain other approval rights. 
 
 SilverBow Merger 
 
 On July 30, 2024, we consummated the SilverBow Merger. See NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures . I mmediately following the SilverBow Merger, Crescent Energy Company completed a series of internal transactions following which the assets of SilverBow Resources, Inc. ("SilverBow") and its subsidiary became held by subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance LLC. In connection with the SilverBow Merger, Crescent issued million shares of Class A Common Stock and paid million in cash to former SilverBow shareholders, including amounts payable in respect of outstanding SilverBow equity awards. 
 
 2024 Equity Transactions 
 
 On April 1, 2024, Independence Energy Aggregator L.P., the entity through which certain private investors in affiliated KKR entities hold their interests in us, exchanged million OpCo Units (and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock) for an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the "April 2024 Class A Conversion"). The shares of Class A Common Stock were sold at a price per share of , pursuant to Rule 144, through a broker-dealer. We did not receive any proceeds or incur any material expenses related to the April 2024 Class A Conversion. 
 
 In March 2024, million OpCo Units were acquired from Independence Energy Aggregator L.P. and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock (the "March 2024 Redemption"). Of the total OpCo Units acquired, million were acquired for shares of Class A Common Stock, which were subsequently sold in an underwritten public offering at a price to the public of per share, or a net price of per share after deducting the underwriters' discounts and commissions, from which we did not receive any proceeds, nor incur any material expenses with respect to such acquisition. In connection with the underwritten public offering, we repurchased million OpCo Units from Independence 
 11 

million in cash and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock (the "March 2024 Repurchase," together with the March 2024 Redemption, the "March 2024 Equity Transactions"). 
 
 As a result of the April 2024 Class A Conversion and the March 2024 Equity Transactions (the "2024 Equity Transactions"), the total number of shares of our Class A Common Stock increased by million shares and the total number of shares of our Class B Common Stock decreased by million shares. Redeemable noncontrolling interests decreased by million while APIC increased by million as a result of the 2024 Equity Transactions. 
 
 2023 Equity Transactions 
 
 In September 2023, we conducted an underwritten public offering of million shares of Class A Common Stock at a price to the public of per share (not including underwriter discounts and commissions). This includes million shares of Class A Common Stock that were issued upon the underwriters exercise of their -day option to purchase additional shares to cover over-allotments pursuant to the related underwriting agreement. We received net proceeds of million from such issuance (the "Equity Issuance"), after deducting underwriting fees and expenses. 
 
 On June 30, 2023, an affiliate of KKR exchanged approximately million OpCo Units (and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock) for an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the "June 2023 Class A Conversion") and subsequently distributed such shares to certain of its legacy investors in privately-managed funds and accounts on July 3, 2023. We did not receive any proceeds or incur any material expenses associated with the June 2023 Class A Conversion. 
 
 Treasury Stock 
 
 Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program on March 4, 2024 with an approved limit of million and a term. Repurchases may be of our Class A Common Stock or of OpCo Units (with the cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of our Class B Common Stock). Such repurchases may be made by Crescent or by OpCo, as applicable, and may be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through purchases made in accordance with the Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act or by such other means as will comply with applicable state and federal securities laws. The timing of any repurchases under the stock repurchase program will depend on market conditions, contractual limitations and other considerations. The program may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of securities. The U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations enacted as part of the IRA 2022 applies to repurchases of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. 
 
 We record treasury stock purchases at cost, which includes incremental direct transaction costs. Amounts are recorded as a reduction to equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased million shares of our Class A Common Stock for million, at an average price of per share ("Class A Repurchases"), and in connection therewith, we cancelled a corresponding number of OpCo units. When combining our Class A Repurchases with our 2024 Equity Transactions, we have million remaining under our stock repurchase program. 

Crescent is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business through its consolidated subsidiaries, including (i) OpCo, which at September 30, 2024 is owned approximately by Crescent and approximately by holders of our redeemable noncontrolling interests, and (ii) Crescent Energy Finance LLC, OpCo's wholly owned subsidiary. Crescent and OpCo have no operations, or material cash flows, assets or liabilities other than their investment in Crescent Energy Finance LLC. The assets and liabilities of OpCo represent substantially all of our consolidated assets and liabilities with the exception of certain current and deferred taxes and certain liabilities under the Management Agreement (as defined within NOTE 11 
 12 

NOTE 2 

Restricted cash current Restricted cash noncurrent Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 13 

million shares. In addition, the 2024 Equity Transactions resulted in the transfer of million OpCo Units to Crescent and the repurchase, by OpCo, of million OpCo Units for million in cash. As a result of the transfer of additional OpCo Units to Crescent, we reclassified million from Redeemable noncontrolling interests to Additional paid-in capital. 
 
 In September 2023, the proceeds from the Equity Issuance, including the exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option, were contributed by Crescent to OpCo in exchange for million OpCo Units. As a result of the additional OpCo Units owned by Crescent, we reclassified million from Redeemable noncontrolling interests to Additional paid-in capital. 
 
 In June 2023, the June 2023 Class A Conversion reduced the number of shares of our Class B Common Stock outstanding by million shares. A corresponding number of OpCo Units were transferred to Crescent, which reduced the value of our redeemable noncontrolling interests by million. 
 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Distributions ) Cash distributions from OpCo initiated by Class A common stock dividend and income taxes, net ) Accrued OpCo cash distribution initiated by Manager Compensation ) Equity-based compensation Change in redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Distributions ) Cash distributions from OpCo initiated by Class A common stock dividend and income taxes, net ) Accrued OpCo cash distribution initiated by Manager Compensation ) Equity-based compensation Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Change in redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with the 2024 Equity Transactions ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Cash distributions from OpCo initiated by Class A common stock dividend and income taxes, net ) Accrued OpCo cash distribution initiated by Manager Compensation ) Equity-based compensation Repurchase of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Change in redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with the SilverBow Merger ) Cancellation of OpCo Units associated with Class A Repurchases Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized income tax benefit of million and income tax expense of million for an effective tax rate of and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized income tax benefit of million and income tax expense of 
 14 

and , respectively. Our effective tax rate is typically lower than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 primarily due to effects of removing income and losses related to our noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven higher as a result of deductible costs associated the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 In July 2024, we completed the SilverBow Merger, see NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information . As part of the preliminary purchase price allocation, we recognized a net deferred tax liability of million to reflect differences between tax basis and the fair value of SilverBow s assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Included in the net deferred tax liability are tax attributes relating to NOLs and interest expense carryforwards further subject to Sec. 382 utilization limitations upon the change of ownership. 
 
 We evaluate and update the estimated annual effective income tax rate on a quarterly basis based on current and forecasted operating results and tax laws. Consequently, based upon the mix and timing of our actual earnings compared to annual projections, our effective tax rate may vary quarterly and may make quarterly comparisons not meaningful. The quarterly income tax provision is generally composed of tax expense on income or benefit on loss at the most recent estimated annual effective tax rate. The tax effect of discrete items is recognized in the period in which they occur at the applicable statutory rate. 
 
 We continually assess the available positive and negative evidence to determine if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. On the basis of this evaluation a valuation allowance is recorded to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable; however, could be adjusted in the future. 
 
 We have U.S. federal net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards and recognized built-in-loss ("RBIL") property that are subject to limitation under Section 382. Pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, utilization of our NOL and RBIL carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation. These annual limitations may result in the expiration of NOL and RBIL carryforwards prior to utilization; accordingly we have maintained a valuation allowance related to U.S. federal NOL and RBIL carryforwards that we do not believe are recoverable due to these Section 382 limitations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not have any uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures 
 
 Income tax payments (refunds) ) Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Equity consideration for acquisitions Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for leases 
 
 NOTE 3 
 
 15 

per share ("SilverBow Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the merger close date, was converted into the right to receive, pursuant to an election made and not revoked, one of the following forms of consideration: (A) shares of Crescent Class A Common Stock, (B) a combination of shares of Crescent Class A Common Stock and in cash or (C) in cash, subject to an aggregate cap of million on the total cash consideration payable for the SilverBow Common Stock in the SilverBow Merger. The Merger Agreement also provided that each outstanding SilverBow restricted stock unit, performance-based stock unit (assuming maximum performance) and in-the money stock option, whether vested or unvested, held by certain employees and directors of SilverBow (collectively, the "SilverBow Equity Awards") became fully vested and was canceled and converted into a right to receive a cash payment (less the exercise price in the case of stock options) or, in the case of the restricted stock units and performance-based stock units, a partial cash payment and partial settlement in shares of Crescent Class A Common Stock. Each stock option with an exercise price that equaled or exceeded the amount of such cash payment was cancelled for no consideration. See the table below for consideration transferred and preliminary purchase price allocation. Certain data necessary to complete the purchase price allocation is not yet available. We expect to complete the purchase price allocation during the period following the acquisition date. Crescent issued million shares of Class A Common Stock in the SilverBow Merger and paid million in cash to former SilverBow shareholders, including amounts payable in respect of outstanding SilverBow equity awards. 
 
 From the date of the SilverBow Merger through September 30, 2024, revenues and net income associated with operations acquired through the SilverBow Merger were million and million, respectively. We recognized transaction related expenses of million within General and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Net income 

As part of the SilverBow Merger we acquired a deferred acquisition liability from historical SilverBow acquisitions that is presented as Acquired deferred acquisition consideration on our consolidated balance sheet. Per the terms of the contract we are required to make a million payment in the fourth quarter of 2024 related to deferred purchase consideration and an additional earn-out payment contingent upon the average monthly settlement price of NYMEX West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") crude oil for the -month period beginning December 2023. If the average monthly settlement price of WTI during the -month period (i) exceeds per barrel, we will pay an amount equal to million; (ii) is between per barrel and 
 16 

per barrel, we will pay an amount equal to million; (iii) is below per barrel, we will not pay any additional amounts. At September 30, 2024, we have million related to the additional earn-out payment recognized as a liability on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 During 2024 we reorganized our business, primarily as a result of the SilverBow Merger, which included one-time termination costs and exit costs for the closure of one of our offices. As of September 30, 2024, we expect the total amount of one-time employee termination benefits incurred to be million and lease termination and other costs of million, of which million were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 in General and Administrative expense and million and million were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, in Asset operating expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Costs paid 
 ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Other Acquisitions 
 
 In February 2024, we acquired a portfolio of oil and natural gas mineral interests located in the Karnes Trough of the Eagle Ford Basin from an unrelated third-party (the "Eagle Ford Minerals Acquisition") for total cash consideration of approximately million, including customary purchase price adjustments. The purchase price was funded using borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 In July 2023, we consummated the acquisition contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2023, between our subsidiary and Comanche Holdings, LLC ("Comanche Holdings") and SN EF Maverick, LLC ("SN EF Maverick," and together with Comanche Holdings, the "Seller"), pursuant to which we agreed to acquire operatorship and incremental working interests (the "July Western Eagle Ford Acquisition") in certain of our existing Western Eagle Ford assets from the Seller for aggregate cash consideration of approximately million, including capitalized transaction costs and certain final purchase price adjustments. 
 
 In October 2023, we consummated the unrelated acquisition contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2023, between our subsidiary and an unaffiliated third party, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire certain incremental working interests in oil and natural gas properties (the "October Western Eagle Ford Acquisition," and together with the July Western Eagle Ford Acquisition, the "Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions") in certain of our existing Western Eagle Ford assets from the seller for aggregate cash consideration of approximately million, including certain customary purchase price adjustments. 
 
 Consideration Transferred 
 
 17 

Settlement of SilverBow Equity Awards in cash Equity consideration: Fair value of Class A Common Stock issued to SilverBow Common stockholders Settlement of SilverBow Equity Awards in Class A Common Stock Total Assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Derivative assets current Prepaid expenses Other current assets Oil and natural gas properties - proved Oil and natural gas properties - unproved Field and other property and equipment Derivative assets noncurrent Other assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Acquired deferred acquisition consideration 
 ) Other current liabilities ) Short-term debt ) Long-term debt ) Deferred tax liability 
 ) Asset retirement obligations ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Net assets acquired 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold non-core assets to unrelated third-party buyers for million in aggregate cash proceeds and recorded a gain on the sale of assets of approximately million. 
 18 

NOTE 4 

19 

2025 2026 2026 (1) 
 ) Crude oil swaps Brent (Bbls): 2024 Crude oil collars WTI (Bbls): 2024 - 2025 - 2025 (2) 
 - ) 2026 - 2026 (3) 
 - Crude oil collars Brent (Bbls): 2024 - 2025 - Natural gas swaps (MMBtu): 2024 2025 2026 Natural gas collars (MMBtu): 2024 - 2025 - 2026 - ) NGL swaps (Bbls): 2024 2025 Crude oil basis swaps (Bbls): 2024 2025 2026 Natural gas basis swaps (MMBtu): 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) Calendar Month Average roll swaps (Bbls): 2024 ) 2025 Total 
 
 (1) Represents outstanding crude oil swap options exercisable by the counterparty until December 2025. 
 (2) Represents outstanding crude oil collar options exercisable by the counterparty until December 2024. 
 (3) Represents outstanding crude oil collar options exercisable by the counterparty until December 2025. 
 
 20 

) Derivative assets noncurrent ) Total assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities current ) Derivative liabilities noncurrent ) Total liabilities ) December 31, 2023 Assets: Derivative assets current ) Derivative assets noncurrent ) Total assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities current ) ) Derivative liabilities noncurrent ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 
 See NOTE 5 Fair Value Measurements for more information . ) ) ) Realized gain (loss) on natural gas positions ) Realized gain (loss) on NGL positions Total realized gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on commodity derivatives ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 5 
 
 21 

Financial liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) ) December 31, 2023 Financial assets: Derivative assets Financial liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) ) 
 
 Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. We utilize fair value measurement on a non-recurring basis to value our oil and natural gas properties when the carrying value of such property exceeds the respective undiscounted future cash flows. The inputs used to determine such fair value are primarily based upon internally developed cash flow models, as well as market-based valuations and are classified within Level 3. Significant Level 3 assumptions associated with discounted cash flows include estimates of future prices, production costs, development expenditures, anticipated production, appropriate risk-adjusted discount rates, and other relevant data. 
 
 Our other non-recurring fair value measurements include the estimates of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations. Oil and natural gas properties are valued based on an income approach using a discounted cash flow model utilizing Level 3 inputs, including internally generated development and production profiles and price and cost assumptions. Net derivative liabilities assumed in acquisitions are valued based on Level 2 inputs similar to the Company's other commodity price derivatives. 
 
 Other Fair Value Measurements 
 
 22 

billion and billion, respectively, based on quoted market prices. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 
 Accrued lease and asset operating expense Accrued capital expenditures Accrued general and administrative expense Accrued gathering, transportation and marketing expense Accrued revenue and royalties payable Accrued interest expense Accrued severance taxes Other Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 NOTE 7 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033 (the "2033 Notes") at par (the "June 2024 Offering"). In September 2024, we issued an additional million, aggregate principal amount of 2033 Notes at of par (the "September 2024 Offering," and together with the June 2024 Offering, the "2033 Notes Offerings"). The aggregate proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings were approximately million, after adjusting for premiums, the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the aggregate net proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings to (i) fund the cash paid to the SilverBow stockholders and holders of SilverBow restricted stock units in connection with the SilverBow Merger, (ii) repay and extinguish SilverBow's existing indebtedness that was outstanding at the completion of the SilverBow Merger for billion, including extinguishment costs and (iii) repay a portion of the amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with the repayment of SilverBow's debt we incurred a Loss on the extinguishment of debt of million, inclusive of make whole fees. 
 
 All issuances of the 2033 Notes are treated as a single series of securities under the indenture governing the 2033 Notes, will vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date and the issue price. 
 
 The 2033 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , which is payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year, and mature on January 15, 2033. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2033 Notes at any time on or after July 15, 2027 at certain redemption prices. We may also redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2033 Notes before July 15, 2027 with an amount of cash not greater than the net proceeds that we raise in certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2033 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in any, to, but excluding the redemption date, if at least of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption and the redemption occurs within days of the closing date of such equity offering. In addition, prior to July 15, 2027, we may redeem some or all of the 2033 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 23 

million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes") at par (the 2032 Notes Offering ). The proceeds from the 2032 Notes Offering were approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds and additional borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility to finance the consideration of the Tender Offer and Redemption (each term as defined below) of all of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes outstanding for million after including extinguishment costs, as discussed further below. 
 
 The 2032 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , which is payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, and mature on April 1, 2032. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2032 Notes at any time on or after April 1, 2027 at certain redemption prices. We may also redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Notes before April 1, 2027 with an amount of cash not greater than the net proceeds that we raise in certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2032 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. In addition, prior to April 1, 2027, we may redeem some or all of the 2032 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 2028 Notes 
 
 In February 2023, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes") at par. In July 2023, we issued an additional million, aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at of par. In September 2023, we issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at of par. In December 2023, we issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at of par. The aggregate proceeds from the offerings of the 2028 Notes were million, after adjusting for discounts, premiums and offering expenses, but excluding accrued interest payable by purchasers of the 2028 Notes. We used the aggregate net proceeds to repay a portion of our outstanding balance under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) and to fund a portion of the Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions. 
 
 All issuances of the 2028 Notes are treated as a single series of securities under the indenture governing the 2028 Notes, will vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date, the issue price, and the first interest payment date. 
 
 The 2028 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of , which is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year and mature on February 15, 2028. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2028 Notes at any time on or after February 15, 2025 at certain redemption prices. In addition, prior to February 15, 2025, we may redeem some or all of the 2028 Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 At December 31, 2023 we had million outstanding aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") that were subject to the indenture dated May 6, 2021, as supplemented to the date hereof, between us and our trustee (the "2021 Indenture"). I n March 2024, pursuant to a cash tender offer (the "Tender Offer") and redemption of any remaining 2026 Notes following the Tender Offer (the "Redemption"), we extinguished all of our 2026 Notes. After the Tender Offer and the Redemption, the 2021 Indenture was satisfied and discharged on March 26, 2024, and we have no further obligations under the 2021 Indenture at March 31, 2024. We repurchased all of the 2026 Notes at a blended price of of par and thus incurred a Loss on the extinguishment of debt of million , including the write-off of any remaining deferred financing costs. 
 
 After the completion of the Tender Offer and Redemption, the 2028 Notes, the 2032 Notes and 2033 Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes") are our senior unsecured obligations and the Senior Notes and the related guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and any of our other future senior indebtedness and senior to any of our future subordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing and future subsidiaries that will guarantee our Revolving Credit Facility. The Senior Notes and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to all of our secured indebtedness (including all borrowings and other obligations under our Revolving Credit Facility) to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of any future subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Notes. 
 24 

million of borrowings and million in lett ers of credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility remain secured by first priority liens on substantially all of the Company s and the guarantors tangible and intangible assets, including without limitation, oil and natural gas properties and associated assets and equity interests owned by the Company and such guarantors. In connection with each redetermination of the borrowing base, the Company must maintain mortgages on at least of the net present value, discounted at per annum PV-9 of the oil and natural gas properties that constitute borrowing base properties. The Company s domestic direct and indirect subsidiaries are required to be guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The borrowing base is subject to semi-annual scheduled redeterminations on or about April 1 and October 1 of each year, as well as (i) elective borrowing base interim redeterminations at our request not more than twice during any consecutive 12-month period or the required lenders not more than once during any consecutive 12-month period and (ii) elective borrowing base interim redeterminations at our request following any acquisition of oil and natural gas properties with a purchase price in the aggregate of at least of the then effective borrowing base. The borrowing base will be automatically reduced upon (i) the issuance of certain permitted junior lien debt and other permitted additional debt, (ii) the sale or other disposition of borrowing base properties if the aggregate PV-9 of such properties sold or disposed of is in excess of of the borrowing base then in effect and (iii) early termination or set-off of swap agreements (a) the administrative agent relied on in determining the borrowing base or (b) if the value of such swap agreements so terminated is in excess of of the borrowing base then in effect. 
 
 In connection with the closing of the SilverBow Merger, we entered into the Tenth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the aggregate elected commitment amount to billion and increase the borrowing base from billion to billion. 
 
 Interest 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either (i) a U.S. dollar alternative base rate (based on the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate or an adjusted secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), plus an applicable margin or (ii) SOFR, plus an applicable margin, at the election of the borrowers. The applicable margin varies based upon our borrowing base utilization then in effect. The fee payable for the unused revolving commitments at September 30, 2024 is per year and fees incurred are included within interest expense on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Our weighted average interest rate on loan amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 25 

million and million, respectively, which reduce the amount available to borrow under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Total Debt Outstanding 
 
 4/10/2029 Senior Notes due 2028 
 2/15/2028 Senior Notes due 2032 
 4/1/2032 Senior Notes due 2033 
 1/15/2033 Less: Unamortized discount, premium and issuance costs ) Total long-term debt December 31, 2023 Revolving Credit Facility 9/23/2027 Senior Notes due 2026 
 5/1/2026 Senior Notes due 2028 
 2/15/2028 Less: Unamortized discount, premium and issuance costs ) Total long-term debt 
 26 

NOTE 8 

Additions (1) 
 Retirements ) Sale ) Accretion expense Balance at end of period Less: current portion ) Balance at end of period, noncurrent portion 
 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our ARO additions primarily related to properties acquired in the SilverBow Merger. See NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 NOTE 9 

NOTE 10 

27 

) Equity-classified profits interest awards ) ) Equity-classified LTIP RSU awards Equity-classified LTIP PSU awards Equity-classified Manager PSUs SilverBow Merger awards 
 Total equity-based compensation expense (income) 
 
 Equity-classified LTIP RSU Awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted thousand equity-classified LTIP RSUs under the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to certain directors, officers and employees. Each LTIP RSU represents the contingent right to receive share of Class A Common Stock. The grant date fair value was per LTIP RSU, and the LTIP RSUs will vest over a period of one to , with equity-based compensation expense recognized ratably over the applicable vesting period. Compensation cost for these awards is presented within General and administrative expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations with a corresponding credit to Additional paid-in capital and Redeemable noncontrolling interest on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 we had thousand shares vest related to outstanding LTIP RSU awards. 
 
 Equity-classified Manager PSUs 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, in conjunction with the 2024 Equity Transactions and the closing of the SilverBow Merger , the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock increased by million and million shares, respectively. As a result, the number of equity-classified PSU target shares of Class A Common Stock related to the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Manager Incentive Plan increased by approximately million and million shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. We accounted for this increase as a change in estimate and recognized additional expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 
 
 SilverBow Merger Awards 
 
 On July 30, 2024, in accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger, certain of the outstanding SilverBow Equity Awards were modified to be accelerated to vest immediately and certain of the outstanding SilverBow Equity Awards were modified to vest at the maximum level of performance. Accordingly, we recognized a portion of this settlement as consideration transferred in the SilverBow Merger and the remaining settlement was recognized as a one-time charge to equity based compensation expense within General and administrative expense on the combined and consolidated statements of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 

NOTE 11 
 
 that began in 2021 and shall renew automatically at the end of the initial term for an additional period unless the Company or the Manager elects not to renew the Management Agreement. 
 
 As consideration for the services rendered pursuant to the Management Agreement and the Manager s overhead, including compensation of the executive management team, the Manager is currently entitled to receive compensation from the Company equal to million per annum the "Manager Compensation") (calculated based on the Company's pro rata relative 
 28 

million (the "Base Input")), which is included in General and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. As the Company's business and assets expand, the Base Input will increase by an amount equal to per annum of the net proceeds from all future issuances of primary equity securities by the Company (including in connection with acquisitions) and increased by million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 in conjunction with the closing of the SilverBow Merger. However, the Base Input will not increase from the issuance of the Company's shares upon the redemption or exchange of OpCo Units . See NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures for more information. 
 
 The Company expects its ownership of OpCo will increase over time through the redemption of OpCo Units for shares of Class A Common Stock or the issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock. As this occurs, the Manager Compensation pursuant to the formula defined in the Management Agreement, which is reflected in our consolidated statements of operations, will increase. In order to pay the Manager Compensation, the Company must first receive a cash distribution from OpCo, and any such cash distribution necessitates a concurrent pro rata cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests. This cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests does not represent additional Manager Compensation; rather, it represents an ordinary cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests. In certain instances in our financial statements and other disclosures, we clarify the underlying event that requires us to make such distributions, not because the distributions to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests are made for such purpose (e.g. Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Class A common stock dividend, Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Manager Compensation and Cash contributions from (cash distributions to) redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by income taxes). 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded general and administrative expense of million and million, respectively, related to the Manager Compensation and concurrently made cash distributions of million and million, respectively, to our redeemable noncontrolling interests. At September 30, 2024 we reduced redeemable noncontrolling interest by million for the OpCo distribution declaration to redeemable noncontrolling interests that will be paid during the fourth quarter of 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded general and administrative expense of million and million, respectively, related to the Manager Compensation and concurrently made cash distributions of million and million, respectively, to our redeemable noncontrolling interests. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had million and million, respectively, included within Accounts payable affiliates on our consolidated balance sheets associated with the Crescent Energy Company's fee associated with the Manager Compensation and cash distributions to be paid to redeemable noncontrolling interests during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 
 Additionally, the Manager is entitled to receive incentive compensation ("Incentive Compensation") under which the Manager is targeted to receive of our outstanding Class A Common Stock based on the achievement of certain performance-based measures. The Incentive Compensation consists of tranches that settle over a period beginning in 2024, and each tranche relates to a target number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to of the outstanding Class A Common Stock as of the time such tranche is settled. So long as the Manager continuously provides services to us until the end of the performance period applicable to a tranche, the Manager is entitled to settlement of such tranche with respect to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock ranging from to of the of the outstanding Class A Common Stock at the time each tranche is settled. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded general and administrative expense of million and million, respectively, related to Incentive Compensation. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded general and administrative expense of million and million, respectively, related to Incentive Compensation. See NOTE 10 Incentive Compensation Arrangements for more information. 
 
 KKR Funds 
 
 From time to time, we may invest in upstream oil and gas assets alongside EIGF II and/or other KKR funds ("KKR Funds") pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. In these instances, certain of our consolidated subsidiaries enter into Master Service Agreements ("MSA") with entities owned by KKR Funds, pursuant to which our subsidiaries provide certain services to such KKR Funds, including the allocation of the production and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs, collection and disbursement of revenues, operating expenses and general and administrative expenses in the respective oil and natural gas properties, and the payment of all capital costs associated with the ongoing operations of the oil and natural gas assets. Our subsidiaries settle balances due to or due from KKR Funds on a monthly basis. The administrative costs associated with these MSAs are allocated by us to KKR Funds based on (i) an actual basis for direct expenses we may incur on their behalf or (ii) an allocation of such charges between the various KKR Funds based on the estimated use of such services by each party. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had a related party receivable of million and million, respectively, included within Accounts receivable affiliates and a related party payable of million and million, respectively, 
 29 

Other Transactions 
 
 In March 2024, OpCo repurchased million OpCo Units from Independence Energy Aggregator L.P., the entity through which certain private investors in affiliated KKR entities hold their interests in us, for million Refer to further discussion in NOTE 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made cash distributions of million and million, respectively, to our redeemable noncontrolling interests related to their pro rata share of cash distributions made to Crescent Energy Company to pay dividends and income taxes. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we made cash distributions of million and million, respectively, to our redeemable noncontrolling interests related to their pro rata share of cash distributions made to Crescent Energy to pay dividends and income taxes. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reimbursed KKR million for costs incurred on our behalf. In 2023 we entered into an office sublease agreement with KKR in which we incurred costs for our allocable share of leasehold improvements under the office sublease. At December 31, 2023, we had million of leasehold improvement costs included in Accounts payable - affiliates on the condensed consolidated balance sheet that was subsequently paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Board of Directors 
 
 In March 2023, we signed a office lease with an affiliate of Crescent Real Estate LLC. John C. Goff, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, is affiliated with Crescent Real Estate LLC. The terms of the lease provide for annual base rent of approximately million, increasing over the term of the lease, and the payment by one of our subsidiaries of certain other customary expenses. In addition, the lease provides for reimbursement of our costs up to million for tenant improvement expenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received million reimbursement for our leasehold improvements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the original lease agreement for additional office space. Under the amended agreement our annual base rent is million increasing to million over the life of the agreement. 
 
 We may be required to fund certain workover costs, and we will be required to fund plugging and abandonment costs related to producing assets held by Chama, an Investment in equity affiliates on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we funded million to Chama associated with the plugging and abandonment costs. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 
 classes of common stock in the form of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Our shares of Class A Common Stock are entitled to dividends and shares of Class B Common Stock do not have rights to participate in dividends or undistributed earnings. However, shareholders of Class B Common Stock receive pro rata distributions from OpCo through their ownership of OpCo Units. We apply the two-class method for purposes of calculating earnings per share. The two-class method determines earnings per share of Common Stock and participating securities according to dividends or dividend equivalents declared during the period and each security's respective participation rights in undistributed earnings and losses. Net income (loss) per share - diluted excludes the effect of million of PSUs and 
 30 

) Less: net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Less: net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Crescent Energy - basic ) ) Add: Reallocation of net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest for the dilutive effect of RSUs Add: Reallocation of net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest for the dilutive effect of PSUs Net income (loss) attributable to Crescent Energy - diluted ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average Class A common stock outstanding basic Add: dilutive effect of RSUs Add: dilutive effect of PSUs Weighted-average Class A common stock outstanding diluted Weighted-average Class B common stock outstanding basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share: Class A common stock basic ) ) Class A common stock diluted ) ) Class B common stock basic and diluted 
 
 NOTE 13 
 
 per share, or per share on an annualized basis, to be paid to shareholders of our Class A Common Stock with respect to the third quarter of 2024. The quarterly dividend is payable on December 2, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2024. OpCo unitholders will also receive a distribution based on their pro rata ownership of OpCo Units. 
 
 The payment of quarterly cash dividends is subject to management s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments and approval by our Board of Directors. Management and the Board of Directors will evaluate any future changes in cash dividends on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Central Eagle Ford Bolt-On 
 
 In October 2024, we acquired from unaffiliated third parties certain interests in oil and gas properties, rights and related assets located in Atascosa, Frio, La Salle and McMullen Counties, Texas for aggregate consideration of approximately million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments (the October 2024 Acquisition ). We are currently evaluating the October 2024 Acquisition and have not completed the purchase accounting. 
 31 

million in aggregate cash proceeds, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 32 

Item 2. Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is intended to provide the reader of the financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on the financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect the Company's operating results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("Annual Report"), our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, as well as our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following information updates the discussion of our financial condition provided in our previous filings, and analyzes the changes in the results of operations between the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, capital requirements and uncertainty of obtaining additional funding on terms acceptable to the Company, realized oil, natural gas and NGL prices, the timing and amount of future production of oil, natural gas and NGLs, shortages of equipment, supplies, services and qualified personnel, the integration of operations following and actual results of the SilverBow Merger (as defined below), as well as those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and in our Annual Report, particularly under Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements, all of which are difficult to predict. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed may not occur. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, all references to we, us, our, "Crescent" and the Company or similar expressions refer to Crescent Energy Company and its subsidiaries. 

Business 
 
 Crescent is a differentiated U.S. energy company committed to delivering value for shareholders through a disciplined growth through acquisition strategy and consistent return of capital. Our long-life, balanced portfolio combines stable cash flows from low-decline production with deep, high-quality development inventory. Our activities are focused in Texas and the Rocky Mountain region. 
 
 Geopolitical developments and economic environment 
 
 During the last several years, prices of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs have experienced periodic downturns and sustained volatility, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the related sanctions imposed on Russia, Hamas' attack against Israel and the ensuing conflict and escalation of tensions in the Middle East (including with Lebanon and Yemen), supply chain constraints, elevated interest rates and costs of capital and political and regulatory uncertainties surrounding the U.S. presidential election. Furthermore, the United States has recently experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant inflationary environment, which began in 2022 that, along with international geopolitical risks, has contributed to concerns of a potential recession in 2024 that has created further volatility. In September 2024, OPEC announced an extension of its production cuts of approximately 2.2 million barrels per day through December 1, 2024. The actions of OPEC with respect to oil production levels and announcements of potential changes in such levels, including agreement on and compliance with production cuts, may result in further volatility in commodity prices and the oil and natural gas industry generally. Such volatility may lead to a more difficult investing and planning environment for us and our customers. While we use derivative instruments to partially mitigate the impact of commodity price volatility, our revenues and operating results depend significantly upon the prevailing prices for oil and natural gas. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of certain of our conventional assets in Wyoming in proved oil and natural gas properties was 203.0 million. At the current forward commodity price curve, these assets have limited cushion between their carrying value and estimated undiscounted cash flows. A further decline of future commodity prices or a decrease in estimates of oil and natural gas reserves for these assets would likely result in an impairment charge. The actual amount of impairment incurred, if any, for these properties will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, subsequent forward price curve changes, weighted-average cost of capital, operating cost estimates and future capital expenditures estimates. An estimate of the sensitivity to changes in assumptions in our fair value calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions (e.g. reserves, pace and timing of development plans, commodity prices, capital expenditures, operating costs, drilling and development costs, inflation and discount rates) that can materially affect our estimates. Unfavorable adjustments to some of the 
 33 

above listed assumptions would likely be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions. For example, the impact of sustained reduced commodity prices would likely be partially offset by lower costs. 
 
 Due to the cyclical nature of the oil and gas industry, fluctuating demand for oilfield goods and services can put pressure on the pricing structure within our industry. As commodity prices rise, the cost of oilfield goods and services generally also increase, while during periods of commodity price declines, oilfield costs typically lag and do not adjust downward as fast as oil prices do. The U.S. inflation rate began increasing in 2021, peaked in the middle of 2022 and began to gradually decline in the second half of 2022 and into 2023 and has remained relatively stable through 2024. Inflationary pressures have resulted in and may result in additional increases to the costs of our oilfield goods, services and personnel, which in turn cause our capital expenditures and operating costs to rise. Sustained levels of high inflation have likewise caused the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks to increase interest rates in 2022, continuing through 2023. The U.S. Federal Reserve made cuts to benchmark interest rates in September 2024 and it is currently anticipated that it will make additional cuts; however, there is no guarantee that such additional cuts will occur. Although the financial health of the oil and gas industry has shown improvement as compared to prior periods, to the extent elevated inflation remains, we may experience further cost increases for our operations, including oilfield services, labor costs and equipment. Higher oil and natural gas prices may cause the costs of materials and services to continue to rise. We cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation and a significant increase in inflation, to the extent we are unable to recover higher costs through higher oil and natural gas prices and revenues, would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors "Risks related to the oil and natural gas industry Continuing or worsening inflationary issues and associated changes in monetary policy have resulted in and may result in additional increases to the cost of our goods, services and personnel, which in turn cause our capital expenditures and operating costs to rise" in our Annual Report. 
 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA 2022 was signed into law. The IRA 2022 contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions. These incentives could further accelerate the transition of the U.S. economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for the oil and gas we produce and consequently materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the IRA 2022 imposes a federal fee on the emission of greenhouse gases through a methane emissions charge, including onshore petroleum and natural gas production. The methane emissions charge is expected to be collected in 2025 based on calendar year 2024 emissions and the fee is based on certain thresholds established in the IRA 2022. The methane emissions charge could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our business and results of operations. See Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information. The IRA 2022 also imposes a 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations, such as Crescent, after December 31, 2022. 
 
 On March 6, 2024, the SEC finalized rules to require certain climate-related disclosures in filings for public companies, beginning in fiscal year 2026 for accelerated filers. However, the rule has been subject to consolidated legal challenges in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and the SEC has announced that it will not implement the rule while litigation is pending. While we are still assessing the rule s potential impact on us, if the rule takes effect, we will be required to incur costs in order to comply. 
 
 Capital market transactions 
 
 In June 2024, we issued 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.375 senior notes due 2033 (the "2033 Notes") at par (the "June 2024 Offering"). In September 2024, we issued an additional 250.0 million, aggregate principal amount of 2033 Notes at 101.000 of par (the "September 2024 Offering," and together with the June 2024 Offering, the "2033 Notes Offerings"). The aggregate proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings were approximately 981.8 million, after adjusting for premiums, the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the aggregate net proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings to (i) fund the cash paid to the SilverBow stockholders and holders of SilverBow restricted stock units in connection with the SilverBow Merger, (ii) repay and extinguish SilverBow's existing indebtedness that was outstanding at the completion of the SilverBow Merger for 1.2 billion, including extinguishment costs and (iii) repay a portion of the amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with the repayment of SilverBow's debt we incurred a Loss on the extinguishment of debt of 36.5 million, inclusive of make whole fees. 
 
 All issuances of the 2033 Notes are treated as a single series of securities under the indenture governing the 2033 Notes, will vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date and the issue price. 
 
 On April 1, 2024, Independence Energy Aggregator L.P., the entity through which certain private investors in affiliated KKR entities hold their interests in us, exchanged 6.0 million OpCo Units (and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock) for an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock (the "April 2024 Class A Conversion"). 
 34 

The shares of Class A Common Stock were sold at a price per share of 10.74, pursuant to Rule 144, through a broker-dealer. We did not receive any proceeds or incur any material expenses related to the April 2024 Class A Conversion. 
 
 In March 2024, 16.1 million OpCo Units were acquired from Independence Energy Aggregator L.P. and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock (the "March 2024 Redemption"). Of the total OpCo Units acquired, 13.8 million were acquired for shares of Class A Common Stock, which were subsequently sold in an underwritten public offering at a price to the public of 10.50 per share, or a net price of 9.87 per share after deducting the underwriters' discounts and commissions, from which we did not receive any proceeds, nor incur any material expenses with respect to such acquisition. In connection with the underwritten public offering, we repurchased 2.3 million OpCo Units from Independence Energy Aggregator L.P. for 22.7 million in cash and we cancelled a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock (the "March 2024 Repurchase," together with the March 2024 Redemption, the "March 2024 Equity Transactions"). 
 
 As a result of the April 2024 Class A Conversion and the March 2024 Equity Transactions (the "2024 Equity Transactions"), the total number of shares of our Class A Common Stock increased by 19.8 million shares and the total number of shares of our Class B Common Stock decreased by 22.1 million shares. Redeemable noncontrolling interests decreased by 470.7 million while APIC increased by 448.0 million as a result of the 2024 Equity Transactions. 
 
 In March 2024, we issued 700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.625 senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes") at par (the 2032 Notes Offering ). The proceeds from the 2032 Notes Offering were approximately 686.2 million, after deducting the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds and additional borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility to finance the consideration of the Tender Offer and Redemption (each term as defined below) of all of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes outstanding for 714.8 million after including extinguishment costs, as discussed further below. 
 
 Acquisitions and divestitures 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 SilverBow Merger 
 
 On July 30, 2024, Crescent Energy Company completed the SilverBow Merger, pursuant to which Crescent Energy Company acquired SilverBow. Immediately following the SilverBow Merger, Crescent Energy Company completed a series of internal transactions following which the assets of SilverBow and its subsidiary became held by subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance, LLC. In connection with the SilverBow Merger, Crescent issued 51.6 million shares of Class A Common Stock and paid 382.4 million in cash to former SilverBow shareholders, including amounts payable in respect of outstanding SilverBow equity awards. As of the closing date of the SilverBow Merger, former SilverBow shareholders own approximately 22 of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. In connection with the closing of the SilverBow Merger, we repaid all of SilverBow s outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Other Acquisitions 
 
 In October 2024, we acquired from unaffiliated third parties certain interests in oil and gas properties, rights and related assets located in Atascosa, Frio, La Salle and McMullen Counties, Texas for aggregate consideration of approximately 168.0 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments (the October 2024 Acquisition ). We are currently evaluating the October 2024 Acquisition and have not completed the purchase accounting. 
 
 In February 2024, we acquired a portfolio of oil and natural gas mineral interests located in the Karnes Trough of the Eagle Ford Basin from an unrelated third-party (the "Eagle Ford Minerals Acquisition") for total cash consideration of approximately 25.0 million, including customary purchase price adjustments. The purchase price was funded using borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 In July 2023, we consummated the acquisition contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2023, between our subsidiary and Comanche Holdings, LLC ("Comanche Holdings") and SN EF Maverick, LLC ("SN EF Maverick," and together with Comanche Holdings, the "Seller"), pursuant to which we agreed to acquire operatorship and incremental working interests (the "July Western Eagle Ford Acquisition") in certain of our existing Western Eagle Ford assets from the Seller for aggregate cash consideration of approximately 592.7 million, including capitalized transaction costs and certain final purchase price adjustments. 
 
 35 

In October 2023, we consummated the unrelated acquisition contemplated by the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2023, between our subsidiary and an unaffiliated third party, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire certain incremental working interests in oil and natural gas properties (the "October Western Eagle Ford Acquisition," and together with the July Western Eagle Ford Acquisition, the "Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions") in certain of our existing Western Eagle Ford assets from the seller for aggregate cash consideration of approximately 235.1 million, including certain customary purchase price adjustments. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold non-core assets to unrelated third-party buyers for 29.7 million in aggregate cash proceeds and recorded a gain on the sale of assets of approximately 19.4 million. In October 2024, we sold additional non-core assets to unrelated third-party buyers for 20.5 million in aggregate cash proceeds, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 
 Stewardship 
 
 We seek to strategically improve assets we own and acquire to deliver enhanced financial returns, operations and stewardship. We believe that being a responsible operator will produce better outcomes, creating a net benefit for society and the environment, while delivering attractive returns for our investors. We view exceptional sustainability performance as an opportunity to differentiate Crescent from its peers, mitigate risks and strengthen operational performance as well as benefit our stakeholders and the communities in which we operate. 
 
 We are members of the Oil Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 Initiative, or OGMP 2.0, and received Gold Standard pathway ratings in 2022 and 2023 for our credible plan to more accurately measure our methane emissions. OGMP 2.0 is the United Nations Environment Programme's flagship oil and gas reporting and mitigation program and the leading industry standard for methane emissions reporting. We also established a Sustainability Advisory Council, an outside council comprising leading experts across key sustainability topics, to advise management and our Board of Directors on sustainability-related issues. In November 2023, we released our third Sustainability Report which is available on Crescent s website at https://www.crescentenergyco.com/#sustainability. The sustainability-related information found and/or provided in the Company s sustainability reports or on the Company s website in general is not intended or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report. 

How we evaluate our operations 
 
 We use a variety of financial and operational metrics to assess the performance of our oil, natural gas and NGL operations, including: 
 
 Production volumes sold, 
 Commodity prices and differentials, 
 Operating expenses, 
 Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP), and 
 Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 
 
 Development program and capital budget 
 
 Our development program, which consists of expenditures for drilling, completion and recompletion activities, is designed to prioritize the generation of attractive risk-adjusted returns and meaningful free cash flow and is inherently flexible, with the ability to modify our capital program as necessary to react to the current market environment. 
 
 We expect to fund our 2024 capital program, excluding acquisitions, through cash flow from operations. Due to the flexible nature of our capital program and the fact that the majority of our acreage is held by production, we could choose to defer a portion or all of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs and resulting well economics, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. 
 
 36 

Management Agreement 
 
 Crescent Energy Company has a management agreement (the "Management Agreement") with KKR Energy Assets Manager LLC (the "Manager"). Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager provides the Company with its senior executive management team and certain management services. The Management Agreement has an initial term of three years that began in 2021 and shall renew automatically at the end of the initial term for an additional three-year period unless the Company or the Manager elects not to renew the Management Agreement. 
 
 As consideration for the services rendered pursuant to the Management Agreement and the Manager s overhead, including compensation of the executive management team, the Manager is currently entitled to receive compensation from the Company equal to 45.9 million per annum (the "Manager Compensation") (calculated based on the Company's pro rata relative ownership of OpCo multiplied by 64.5 million (the "Base Input")), which is included in General and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. As the Company's business and assets expand, the Base Input will increase by an amount equal to 1.5 per annum of the net proceeds from all future issuances of primary equity securities by the Company (including in connection with acquisitions) and increased by 9.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 in conjunction with the closing of the SilverBow Merger. However, the Base Input will not increase from the issuance of the Company's shares upon the redemption or exchange of OpCo Units. 
 
 The Company expects its ownership of OpCo will increase over time through the redemption of OpCo Units for shares of Class A Common Stock or the issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock. As this occurs, the Manager Compensation pursuant to the formula defined in the Management Agreement, which is reflected in our consolidated statements of operations, will increase. In order to pay the Manager Compensation, the Company must first receive a cash distribution from OpCo, and any such cash distribution necessitates a concurrent pro rata cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests. This cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests does not represent additional Manager Compensation; rather, it represents an ordinary cash distribution to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests. In certain instances in our financial statements and other disclosures, we clarify the underlying event that requires us to make such distributions, not because the distributions to the holders of redeemable noncontrolling interests are made for such purpose (e.g. Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Class A common stock dividend, Cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by Manager Compensation and Cash contributions from (cash distributions to) redeemable noncontrolling interests initiated by income taxes). 
 
 Additionally, the Manager is entitled to receive incentive compensation ("Incentive Compensation") under which the Manager is targeted to receive 10 of our outstanding Class A Common Stock based on the achievement of certain performance-based measures. The Incentive Compensation consists of five tranches that settle over a five-year period beginning in 2024, and each tranche relates to a target number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to 2 of the outstanding Class A Common Stock as of the time such tranche is settled. So long as the Manager continuously provides services to us until the end of the performance period applicable to a tranche, the Manager is entitled to settlement of such tranche with respect to a number of shares of Class A Common Stock ranging from 0 to 4.8 of the of the outstanding Class A Common Stock at the time each tranche is settled. Accordingly, as our Class A Common Stock share count increases, the number of equity-classified Manager PSU target Class A Shares granted under the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Manager Incentive Plan increases. 
 
 Sources of revenues 
 
 Our revenues are primarily derived from the sale of our oil, natural gas and NGL production and are influenced by production volumes and realized prices, excluding the effect of our commodity derivative contracts. Pricing of commodities are subject to supply and demand as well as seasonal, political and other conditions that we generally cannot control. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold or changes in commodity prices. The following table illustrates our production revenue mix for each of the periods presented: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil 77 80 78 75 Natural gas 11 11 11 17 NGLs 12 9 11 8 
 
 In addition, revenue from our midstream assets is supported by commercial agreements that have established minimum volume commitments. These midstream revenues comprise the majority of our midstream and other revenue. Midstream and other revenue accounts for 5 or less of our total revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 37 

Production volumes sold 
 
 The following table presents historical sales volumes for our properties: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil (MBbls) 7,927 6,667 20,932 17,797 Natural gas (MMcf) 50,935 33,009 121,502 95,085 NGLs (MBbls) 3,708 2,271 9,001 5,730 Total (MBoe) 20,124 14,440 50,183 39,375 Daily average (MBoe/d) 219 157 183 144 
 
 Total sales volume increased 5,684 MBoe and increased 10,808 MBoe during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are primarily due to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Commodity prices and differentials 
 
 Our results of operations depend upon many factors, particularly the price of commodities and our ability to market our production effectively. 
 
 The oil and natural gas industry is cyclical and commodity prices can be highly volatile. In recent years, commodity prices have been subject to significant fluctuations, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the associated sanctions imposed on Russia, the Israel-Hamas conflict and the broader conflict in the Middle East, actions taken by OPEC, sustained elevated inflation and increased U.S. drilling activity. Uncertainty persists regarding OPEC s actions, increased U.S. drilling, inflation and the armed conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. Additionally, market concern regarding the health of the global banking sector and any resultant recessionary effects contributed, among other factors, to increased volatility in the price for oil and natural gas. 
 
 In order to reduce the impact of fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices on revenues, we regularly enter into derivative contracts with respect to a portion of the estimated oil, natural gas and NGL production through various transactions that fix the future prices received. We plan to continue the practice of entering into economic hedging arrangements to reduce near-term exposure to commodity prices, protect cash flow and corporate returns and maintain our liquidity. 
 
 The following table presents the percentages of our production that was economically hedged through the use of derivative contracts: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil 76 64 67 62 Natural gas 55 54 47 55 NGLs 9 4 24 
 
 38 

The following table sets forth the average NYMEX oil and natural gas prices and our average realized prices for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Oil (Bbl): Average NYMEX 75.10 82.26 77.54 77.39 Realized price (excluding derivative settlements) 69.19 75.70 72.71 71.37 Realized price (including derivative settlements) (1) 
 66.93 66.50 67.31 64.31 Natural Gas (Mcf): Average NYMEX 2.16 2.55 2.10 2.69 Realized price (excluding derivative settlements) 1.55 2.18 1.73 3.01 Realized price (including derivative settlements) (1) 
 2.00 2.38 2.30 2.97 NGLs (Bbl): Realized price (excluding derivative settlements) 23.53 24.10 24.56 22.88 Realized price (including derivative settlements) (1) 
 23.56 24.10 24.58 26.12 
 
 (1) The realized price presented above does not include 26.3 million received from the settlement of acquired oil, gas and NGL derivative contracts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and does not include 14.0 million and 49.0 million paid for the settlement of acquired oil derivative contracts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

39 

Results of operations: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 
 The following table provides the components of our revenues, respective average realized prices and net sales volumes for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues (in thousands): Oil 548,430 504,660 43,770 9 Natural gas 78,790 72,097 6,693 9 Natural gas liquids 87,253 54,724 32,529 59 Midstream and other 30,401 10,917 19,484 178 Total revenues 744,874 642,398 102,476 16 Average realized prices, before effects of derivative settlements: Oil /Bbl) 69.19 75.70 (6.51) (9) Natural gas /Mcf) 1.55 2.18 (0.63) (29) NGLs /Bbl) 23.53 24.10 (0.57) (2) Total /Boe) 35.50 43.73 (8.23) (19) Net sales volumes: Oil (MBbls) 7,927 6,667 1,260 19 Natural gas (MMcf) 50,935 33,009 17,926 54 NGLs (MBbls) 3,708 2,271 1,437 63 Total (MBoe) 20,124 14,440 5,684 39 Average daily net sales volumes: Oil (MBbls/d) 86 72 14 19 Natural gas (MMcf/d) 554 359 195 54 NGLs (MBbls/d) 40 25 15 60 Total (MBoe/d) 219 157 62 39 
 
 Oil revenue . Oil revenue increased 43.8 million, or 9 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven by a 95.4 million increase from higher sales volume (14 MBbls/d, or 19 ), partially offset by lower realized oil prices that resulted in a decrease of 51.6 million (a decrease of 9 per Bbl). The increase in sales volumes was primarily driven by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Natural gas revenue . Natural gas revenue increased 6.7 million, or 9 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven by a 39.0 million increase from higher sales volume (195 MMcf/d, or 54 ), partially offset by lower natural gas prices that resulted in a decrease of 32.3 million (a decrease of 29 per Mcf). The increase in sales volumes was primarily due to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger, while the decrease in realized natural gas prices was due to lower index prices and realizations. 
 
 NGL revenue . NGL revenue increased 32.5 million, or 59 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven primarily by a 34.6 million increase from higher sales volume (15 MBbls/d, or 60 ), partially offset by lower realized NGL prices that resulted in a decrease of 2.1 million (a decrease of 2 per Bbl). The increase in sales volumes was primarily driven by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 40 

Midstream and other revenue . Midstream and other revenue increased 19.5 million, or 178 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by higher oil blending revenues in 2024. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the periods indicated and includes a presentation on a per Boe basis, as we use this information to evaluate our performance relative to our peers and to identify and measure trends we believe may require additional analysis: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Expenses (in thousands): Operating expense 326,544 270,541 56,003 21 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 251,498 186,492 65,006 35 General and administrative expense 159,677 43,831 115,846 264 Other operating costs 14,577 14,577 NM Total expenses 752,296 500,864 251,432 50 Selected expenses per Boe: Operating expense 16.23 18.74 (2.51) (13) Depreciation, depletion and amortization 12.50 12.91 (0.41) (3) 
 
 NM = Not meaningful. 
 
 Operatin g expense. Operating expense increased 56.0 million, or 21 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by the following factors: 
 
 (i) Lease and asset operating expense increased 5.4 million, or 4 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 2.62 per Boe, or 26 , to 7.62 per Boe. This 5.4 million increase was driven primarily by higher production from our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger, which was more than offset on a per Boe basis with these additional volumes and cost reduction measures on our other assets. 
 (ii) Gathering, transportation and marketing expense increased 27.7 million, or 45 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased 0.17 per Boe, or 4 , to 4.44 per Boe. The increase was driven primarily by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 (iii) Production and other taxes increased 6.7 million, or 18 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 0.38 per Boe, or 15 , to 2.15 per Boe. This net increase was driven primarily by higher oil and gas revenues, which increased the tax base on which our production and other taxes are calculated. 
 (iv) Workover expense decreased 0.8 million, or 5 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 0.36 per Boe, or 32 , to 0.76 per Boe. This decrease was driven by a reduction in discretionary activity related to lower commodity prices. 
 (v) Midstream and other operating expense increased 17.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased crude oil blending expense. The additional crude oil blending expense is more than offset by additional oil blending revenue included as part of our Midstream and other revenue. 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization . In the three months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation, depletion and amortization increased 65.0 million, or 35 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by increased production from our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 General and administrative expense . General and administrative expense ("G A") increased 115.8 million, or 264 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by (i) an increase in equity-based compensation expense of 59.1 million (2024 and 2023 include an additional catch up expense of 64.4 million and 9.7 million due to changes in estimates), (ii) 52.2 million higher transaction and nonrecurring expenses driven by the SilverBow Merger and (iii) higher recurring G A, primarily driven by higher Manager Compensation expense. 
 41 

The increase in the Manager Compensation expense is due to an increase in public ownership of Class A Common Stock and a corresponding increase in ownership of OpCo as a result of (i) our equity issuances that increased Class A Common Stock outstanding (and increased our ownership of OpCo), which increased the Base Input under the Management Agreement, and (ii) share redemptions for our Class A Common Stock, which does not increase the Base Input, but does increase the Manager Compensation due to our increased ownership of OpCo. The Class A Common Stock shares issued also increased our equity-based compensation expense related to Manager Incentive Compensation. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change General and administrative expense (in thousands): Recurring general and administrative expense 18,011 13,505 4,506 33 Transaction and nonrecurring expenses 53,083 834 52,249 6265 Equity-based compensation 88,583 29,492 59,091 200 Total general and administrative expense 159,677 43,831 115,846 264 General and administrative expense per Boe: Recurring general and administrative expense 0.90 0.94 (0.04) (4) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses 2.64 0.06 2.58 4300 Equity-based compensation 4.40 2.04 2.36 116 
 
 Other operating costs . Other operating costs include exploration expense and gain on sale of assets. Other operating costs increased by 14.6 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 14.6 million higher exploration expense recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred interest expense of 61.8 million, as compared to 42.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023, a 47 increase. This increase was driven primarily by higher average debt balances driven by the Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the make whole provision and premium related to the repayment of SilverBow s Second Lien Notes due 2028 of 36.5 million. 
 
 Gain (loss) on derivatives 
 
 We have entered into derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price risks that impact our revenues. Our gain on commodity derivatives during the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 349.0 million, or 138 , from a comparable loss during the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to changes in commodity prices relative to our strike price. 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 We are a corporation that is subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes on our allocable share of any taxable income from OpCo. OpCo is a partnership and is generally not subject to U.S. federal and certain state taxes. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recognized income tax benefit of 1.6 million and 20.6 million, respectively, for an effective tax rate of 22.7 and 13.6 , respectively. Our effective tax rate is typically lower than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 primarily due to effects of removing income and losses related to our noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven higher as a result of deductible costs associated with the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by our management to assess our operating results and liquidity. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for their definitions and application. 
 
 42 

The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) to net income (loss) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) to Net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measures, respectively, calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Net income (loss) (5,579) (131,102) 125,523 (96) Adjustments to reconcile to Adjusted EBITDAX: Interest expense 61,840 42,200 Loss from extinguishment of debt 36,513 Income tax expense (benefit) (1,640) (20,639) Depreciation, depletion and amortization 251,498 186,492 Exploration expense 14,565 Non-cash (gain) loss on derivatives (91,672) 197,138 Equity-based compensation expense 88,583 29,492 (Gain) loss on sale of assets 12 Other (income) expense (1,631) (917) Certain redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo (1) 
 (4,656) (7,030) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses (2) 
 56,311 7,989 Settlement of acquired derivative contracts 26,291 (13,999) Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) 430,435 289,624 140,811 49 Adjustments to reconcile to Levered Free Cash Flow: Interest expense, excluding non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts, and premiums (57,854) (35,373) Current income tax benefit (expense) (3,466) 470 Tax-related redeemable noncontrolling interest contributions (distributions) made by OpCo (211) (20) Development of oil and natural gas properties (211,215) (94,431) Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 157,689 160,270 (2,581) (2 
 
 (1) In our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow, we reflect Manager Compensation as if 100 of OpCo were owned and managed by the Company, to reflect consistent earnings and liquidity measures not impacted by the amount of OpCo's ownership under management. 
 (2) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 56.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to our SilverBow Merger costs, capital markets transactions and integration expenses. Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily related to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and system integration expenses. 
 
 43 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Net cash provided by operating activities 367,956 189,344 178,612 94 Changes in operating assets and liabilities (85,021) 51,870 Certain redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo (1) 
 (4,656) (7,030) Tax-related redeemable noncontrolling interest contributions (distributions) made by OpCo (211) (20) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses (2) 
 56,311 7,989 Other adjustments and operating activities 
 34,525 12,548 Development of oil and natural gas properties (211,215) (94,431) Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 157,689 160,270 (2,581) (2) 
 
 (1) In our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow, we reflect Manager Compensation as if 100 of OpCo were owned and managed by the Company, to reflect consistent earnings and liquidity measures not impacted by the amount of OpCo's ownership under management. 
 (2) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 56.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to our SilverBow Merger costs, capital markets transactions and integration expenses. Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily related to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and system integration expenses. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) increased by 140.8 million, or 49 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by additional production generated by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) decreased by 2.6 million, or 2 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 116.8 million of increased capital expenditures and additional interest expense, partially offset by our increased Adjusted EBITDAX. 
 44 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 
 The following table provides the components of our revenues, respective average realized prices and net sales volumes for the periods indicated: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Revenues (in thousands): Oil 1,521,946 1,270,244 251,702 20 Natural gas 210,008 286,172 (76,164) (27) Natural gas liquids 221,103 131,098 90,005 69 Midstream and other 102,573 37,360 65,213 175 Total revenues 2,055,630 1,724,874 330,756 19 Average realized prices, before effects of derivative settlements: Oil /Bbl) 72.71 71.37 1.34 2 Natural gas /Mcf) 1.73 3.01 (1.28) (43) NGLs /Bbl) 24.56 22.88 1.68 7 Total /Boe) 38.92 42.86 (3.94) (9) Net sales volumes: Oil (MBbls) 20,932 17,797 3,135 18 Natural gas (MMcf) 121,502 95,085 26,417 28 NGLs (MBbls) 9,001 5,730 3,271 57 Total (MBoe) 50,183 39,375 10,808 27 Average daily net sales volumes: Oil (MBbls/d) 76 65 11 17 Natural gas (MMcf/d) 443 348 95 27 NGLs (MBbls/d) 33 21 12 57 Total (MBoe/d) 183 144 39 27 
 
 Oil revenue . Oil revenue increased 251.7 million, or 20 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven by a 223.7 million increase from higher sales volume (11 MBbls/d or 17 and higher realized oil prices that resulted in an increase of 28.0 million (an increase of 2 per Bbl). The increase in sales volumes is primarily driven by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Natural gas revenue . Natural gas revenue decreased 76.2 million, or 27 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven by lower natural gas prices that resulted in a decrease of 155.6 million (a decrease of 43 per Mcf), partially offset by a 79.4 million increase from higher sales volume (95 MMcf/d, or 27 ). The increase in sales volumes was primarily due to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 NGL revenue . NGL revenue increased 90.0 million, or 69 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was driven primarily by a 74.8 million increase from higher sales volume (12 MBbls/d, or 57 and higher realized NGL prices that resulted in an increase of 15.1 million (an increase of 7 per Bbl). The increase in our NGL volumes was primarily driven by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Midstream and other revenue . Midstream and other revenue increased 65.2 million, or 175 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by higher oil blending revenue in 2024. 
 
 45 

Expenses 
 
 The following table summarizes our expenses for the periods indicated and includes a presentation on a per Boe basis, as we use this information to evaluate our performance relative to our peers and to identify and measure trends we believe may require additional analysis: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Expenses (in thousands): Operating expense 924,351 768,080 156,271 20 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 640,444 492,879 147,565 30 General and administrative expense 249,532 106,235 143,297 135 Other operating costs (4,679) 1,541 (6,220) NM Total expenses 1,809,648 1,368,735 440,913 32 Selected expenses per Boe: Operating expense 18.42 19.51 (1.09) (6) Depreciation, depletion and amortization 12.76 12.52 0.24 2 
 
 NM = Not meaningful. 
 
 Operating expense. Operating expense increased 156.3 million, or 20 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by the following factors: 
 
 (i) Lease and asset operating expense increased 34.7 million, or 8 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 1.66 per Boe, or 15 , to 9.26 per Boe. This 34.7 million increase was driven primarily by higher production from our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger, which was more than offset on a per Boe basis with these additional volumes and cost reduction measures on our other assets. 
 (ii) Gathering, transportation and marketing expense increased 64.2 million, or 40 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and increased 0.40 per Boe, or 10 , to 4.48 per Boe. This increase was driven primarily by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 (iii) Production and other taxes decreased 9.5 million, or 8 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and decreased 0.82 per Boe, or 28 , to 2.13 per Boe. This decrease was driven primarily by lower tax rates and increased gathering, transportation and marketing expense, which decreased the tax base on which a portion of our production and other taxes are calculated. 
 (iv) Workover expense decreased 2.2 million, or 5 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and decreased 0.30 per Boe, or 25 , to 0.90 per Boe. This decrease was primarily caused by lower commodity prices and a related reduction in discretionary activity. 
 (v) Midstream and other operating expense increased 69.0 million, or 500 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to increased crude oil blending expense. The additional crude oil blending expense is more than offset by additional oil blending revenue included as part of our Midstream and other revenue. 
 
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization . In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation, depletion and amortization increased 147.6 million, or 30 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven primarily by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 General and administrative expense . General and administrative expense ("G A") increased 143.3 million, or 135 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by (i) an increase in equity-based compensation expense of 74.4 million (2024 and 2023 include additional catch up expense of 85.5 million and 27.7 million due to changes in estimates), (ii) 58.2 million higher transaction and nonrecurring related expenses driven by the SilverBow Merger and (iii) higher recurring G A, primarily driven by higher Manager Compensation expense. The increase in the Manager Compensation expense is due to an increase in public ownership of Class A Common Stock and a corresponding increase in ownership of OpCo as a result of (i) our equity issuances that increased Class A Common Stock outstanding (and increased our ownership of OpCo), which increased the Base Input under the Management Agreement, and 
 46 

(ii) share redemptions for our Class A Common Stock, which does not increase the Base Input, but does increase the Manager Compensation due to our increased ownership of OpCo. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change General and administrative expense (in thousands): Recurring general and administrative expense 47,269 36,526 10,743 29 Transaction and nonrecurring expenses 63,215 5,061 58,154 1149 Equity-based compensation 139,048 64,648 74,400 115 Total general and administrative expense 249,532 106,235 143,297 135 General and administrative expense per Boe: Recurring general and administrative expense 0.94 0.93 0.01 1 Transaction and nonrecurring expenses 1.26 0.13 1.13 869 Equity-based compensation 2.77 1.64 1.13 69 
 
 Other operating costs . Other operating costs include exploration expense and gain on sale of assets. Other operating costs decreased by 6.2 million, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by a 19.4 million higher gain on sale of assets recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by 13.2 million in higher exploration expenses. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred interest expense of 146.9 million, as compared to 102.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a 43 increase. This increase was driven primarily by higher average debt balances driven by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred a loss on the extinguishment of debt of 59.1 million composed of (i) 22.6 million related our 2026 Notes, of which 14.8 million is associated with the premium and interest paid for the Tender Offer and Redemption and 7.8 million is related to the write-off of related outstanding deferred finance costs and (ii) 36.5 million related to the make whole provision and premium associated with the repayment of SilverBow s Second Lien Notes. 
 
 Gain (loss) on derivatives 
 
 We have entered into derivative contracts to manage our exposure to commodity price risks that impact our revenues. Our loss on commodity derivatives during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 63.6 million, or 93 , from a loss of 68.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to changes in commodity prices relative to our strike price. 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 We are a corporation that is subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes on our allocable share of any taxable income from OpCo. OpCo is a partnership and is generally not subject to U.S. federal and certain state taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recognized income tax expense of 5.7 million and 4.9 million, respectively, for an effective tax rate of 15.0 and 2.6 , respectively. Our effective tax rate is typically lower than the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 primarily due to effects of removing income and losses related to our noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by our management to assess our operating results and liquidity. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for their definitions and application. 
 
 47 

The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) to net income (loss) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) to Net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measures, respectively calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Net income (loss) 32,262 181,983 (149,721) (82) Adjustments to reconcile to Adjusted EBITDAX: Interest expense 146,885 102,648 Loss from extinguishment of debt 59,095 Income tax expense (benefit) 5,678 4,899 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 640,444 492,879 Exploration expense 14,758 1,541 Non-cash (gain) loss on derivatives (38,422) (42,564) Equity-based compensation expense 139,048 64,648 (Gain) loss on sale of assets (19,437) Other (income) expense (2,405) (1,206) Certain redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo (1) 
 (15,438) (23,765) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses (2) 
 74,773 14,188 Settlement of acquired derivative contracts 26,291 (48,977) Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) 1,063,532 746,274 317,258 43 Adjustments to reconcile to Levered Free Cash Flow: Interest expense, excluding non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts, and premiums (137,104) (93,473) Loss from extinguishment of debt, excluding non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs, discounts, premiums and SilverBow Merger transaction related costs (14,817) Current income tax benefit (expense) (15,907) (911) Tax-related redeemable noncontrolling interest contributions (distributions) made by OpCo (340) 108 Development of oil and natural gas properties (524,618) (444,245) Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 370,746 207,753 162,993 78 
 
 (1) In our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow, we reflect Manager Compensation as if 100 of OpCo were owned and managed by the Company, to reflect consistent earnings and liquidity measures not impacted by the amount of OpCo's ownership under management. 
 (2) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 74.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to the SilverBow Merger, capital markets transactions and integration expenses. Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 14.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily related to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and system integration expenses. 
 
 48 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands, except percentages) Net cash provided by operating activities 838,652 612,900 225,752 37 Changes in operating assets and liabilities (34,721) 30,900 Certain redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo (1) 
 (15,438) (23,765) Tax-related redeemable noncontrolling interest contributions (distributions) made by OpCo (340) 108 Transaction and nonrecurring expenses (2) 
 74,773 14,188 Loss from extinguishment of debt, excluding non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs, discounts, premiums and SilverBow Merger transaction related costs (14,817) Other adjustments and operating activities 
 47,255 17,667 Development of oil and natural gas properties (524,618) (444,245) Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) 370,746 207,753 162,993 78 
 
 (1) In our calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow, we reflect Manager Compensation as if 100 of OpCo were owned and managed by the Company, to reflect consistent earnings and liquidity measures not impacted by the amount of OpCo's ownership under management. 
 (2) Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 74.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to the SilverBow Merger, capital markets transactions and integration expenses. Transaction and nonrecurring expenses of 14.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily related to our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and system integration expenses. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) increased by 317.3 million, or 43 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by higher realized oil price and additional production generated by our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions and the SilverBow Merger. 
 
 Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) increased by 163.0 million, or 78 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by our increased Adjusted EBITDAX, partially offset by 80.4 million of increased capital expenditures and additional interest expense. 

Liquidity and capital resources 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flow from operations, borrowings under a senior secured reserve-based revolving credit agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated or otherwise modified to date, the Revolving Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders and letter of credit issuer, and the lenders from time to time party thereto and, as appropriate and subject to market conditions, opportunistic capital market offerings. Our primary expected uses of capital are for dividends to shareholders, debt repayment, development of our existing assets and acquisitions. 
 
 Our development program is designed to prioritize the generation of meaningful free cash flow and attractive risk-adjusted returns and is inherently flexible, with the ability to scale our capital program as necessary to react to the existing market environment and ongoing asset performance. See Development program and capital budget above for additional discussion of our capital program. 
 
 We plan to continue our practice of entering into economic hedging arrangements to reduce the impact of the near-term volatility of commodity prices and the resulting impact on our cash flow from operations. A key tenet of our focused risk management efforts is an active economic hedge strategy to mitigate near-term price volatility while maintaining long-term exposure to underlying commodity prices. Our commodity derivative program focuses on entering into forward commodity contracts when investment decisions regarding reinvestment in existing assets or new acquisitions are finalized, targeting economic hedges for a portion of expected production as well as adding incremental derivatives to our production base over time. Our active derivative program allows us to reserve capital, and protect margins and corporate returns through commodity cycles. 
 
 The following table presents our cash balances and outstanding borrowings at the end of each period presented: 
 49 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 136,151 2,974 Long-term debt 3,225,173 1,694,375 
 
 Based on our planned capital spending, our forecasted cash flows and projected levels of indebtedness, we expect to maintain compliance with the covenants under our debt agreements. Further, based on current market indications, we expect to meet in the ordinary course of business other contractual cash commitments to third parties pursuant to the various agreements described under the heading Contractual obligations in our Annual Report, recognizing we may be required to meet such commitments even if our business plan assumptions were to change. 
 
 Cash flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 838,652 612,900 Net cash used in investing activities (834,376) (1,066,238) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 165,065 705,368 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 225.8 million, or 37 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher net income after adjusting for non-cash items and working capital changes. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 231.9 million, or a 22 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a reduction in our acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties in 2024 of 234.9 million primarily due to the cash consideration for our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions in 2023. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities . Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 165.1 million, primarily a result of net cash received in our debt transactions, partially offset by the repurchase of OpCo Units, our redeemable noncontrolling interests distributions and our Class A Common Stock dividend. Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 705.4 million, driven by net cash received in our debt transactions and our Equity Issuance, partially offset by our redeemable noncontrolling interests distributions and our Class A Common Stock dividend. 
 
 Debt agreements 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 2033 Notes 
 
 In June 2024, we issued 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.375 senior notes due 2033 (the "2033 Notes") at par (the "June 2024 Offering"). In September 2024, we issued an additional 250.0 million, aggregate principal amount of 2033 Notes at 101.000 of par (the "September 2024 Offering," and together with the June 2024 Offering, the "2033 Notes Offerings"). The aggregate proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings were approximately 981.8 million, after adjusting for premiums, the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the aggregate net proceeds from the 2033 Notes Offerings to (i) fund the cash paid to the SilverBow stockholders and holders of SilverBow restricted stock units in connection with the SilverBow Merger, (ii) repay and extinguish SilverBow's existing indebtedness that was outstanding at the completion of the SilverBow Merger for 1.2 billion, including extinguishment costs and (iii) repay a portion of the amounts outstanding 
 50 

under our Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with the repayment of SilverBow's debt we incurred a Loss on the extinguishment of debt of 36.5 million, inclusive of make whole fees. 
 
 All issuances of the 2033 Notes are treated as a single series of securities under the indenture governing the 2033 Notes, will vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date and the issue price. 
 
 The 2033 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 7.375 , which is payable on January 15 and July 15 of each year, and mature on January 15, 2033. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2033 Notes at any time on or after July 15, 2027 at certain redemption prices. We may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2033 Notes before July 15, 2027 with an amount of cash not greater than the net proceeds that we raise in certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107.375 of the principal amount of the 2033 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in any, to, but excluding the redemption date, if at least 50 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes remains outstanding immediately after such redemption and the redemption occurs within 180 days of the closing date of such equity offering. In addition, prior to July 15, 2027, we may redeem some or all of the 2033 Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus a "make-whole" premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 2032 Notes 
 
 In March 2024, we issued 700.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.625 senior notes due 2032 (the "2032 Notes") at par (the 2032 Notes Offering ). The proceeds from the 2032 Notes Offering were approximately 686.2 million, after deducting the initial purchasers' discount and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds and additional borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility to finance the consideration of the Tender Offer and Redemption (each term as defined below) of all of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes outstanding for 714.8 million after including extinguishment costs, as discussed further below. 

The 2032 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 7.625 , which is payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year, and mature on April 1, 2032. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2032 Notes at any time on or after April 1, 2027 at certain redemption prices. We may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Notes before April 1, 2027 with an amount of cash not greater than the net proceeds that we raise in certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107.625 of the principal amount of the 2032 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. In addition, prior to April 1, 2027, we may redeem some or all of the 2032 Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 2028 Notes 
 
 In February 2023, we issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 9.250 senior notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes") at par. In July 2023, we issued an additional 300.0 million, aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at 98.000 of par. In September 2023, we issued an additional 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at 101.125 of par. In December 2023, we issued an additional 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes at 102.125 of par. The aggregate proceeds from the offerings of the 2028 Notes were 977.4 million, after adjusting for discounts, premiums and offering expenses, but excluding accrued interest payable by purchasers of the 2028 Notes. We used the aggregate net proceeds to repay a portion of our outstanding balance under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined herein) and to fund a portion of the Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions. 
 
 All issuances of the 2028 Notes are treated as a single series of securities under the indenture governing the 2028 Notes, will vote together as a single class, and have substantially identical terms, other than the issue date, the issue price, and the first interest payment date. 
 
 The 2028 Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 9.250 , which is payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year and mature on February 15, 2028. We may, at our option, redeem all or a portion of the 2028 Notes at any time on or after February 15, 2025 at certain redemption prices. In addition, prior to February 15, 2025, we may redeem some or all of the 2028 Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date. 
 
 2026 Notes 
 
 51 

At December 31, 2023 we had 700.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 7.250 senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") that were subject to the indenture dated May 6, 2021, as supplemented to the date hereof, between us and our trustee (the "2021 Indenture"). I n March 2024, pursuant to a cash tender offer (the "Tender Offer") and redemption of any remaining 2026 Notes following the Tender Offer (the "Redemption"), we extinguished all of our 2026 Notes. After the Tender Offer and the Redemption, the 2021 Indenture was satisfied and discharged on March 26, 2024, and we have no further obligations under the 2021 Indenture at March 31, 2024. We repurchased all of the 2026 Notes at a blended price of 101.857 of par and thus incurred a Loss on the extinguishment of debt of 22.6 million , including the write-off of any remaining deferred financing costs. 
 
 After the completion of the Tender Offer and Redemption, the 2028 Notes, the 2032 Notes and 2033 Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes") are our senior unsecured obligations and the Senior Notes and the related guarantees rank equally in right of payment with the borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and any of our other future senior indebtedness and senior to any of our future subordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing and future subsidiaries that will guarantee our Revolving Credit Facility. The Senior Notes and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to all of our secured indebtedness (including all borrowings and other obligations under our Revolving Credit Facility) to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of any future subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Notes. 
 
 The indentures governing the Senior Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain types of preferred stock; (ii) pay dividends or distributions in respect of its equity or redeem, repurchase or retire its equity or subordinated indebtedness; (iii) transfer or sell assets; (iv) make investments; (v) create certain liens; (vi) enter into agreements that restrict dividends or other payments from any non-Guarantor restricted subsidiary to it; (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets; (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates; and (ix) create unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 If we experience certain kinds of changes of control accompanied by a ratings decline, holders of the Senior Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes at certain redemption prices. The Senior Notes are not listed, and we do not intend to list the notes in the future, on any securities exchange, and currently there is no public market for the notes. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes in May 2021, Crescent Energy Finance LLC entered into the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on April 10, 2029. At September 30, 2024, we had 572.3 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and 21.5 million in outstanding letters of credit. Our elected commitment amount was approximately 2.0 billion . 
 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either a (i) U.S. dollar alternative base rate (based on the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate or an adjusted secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR"), plus an applicable margin, or (ii) SOFR, plus an applicable margin, at the election of the borrowers. The applicable margin varies based upon our borrowing base utilization then in effect. The fee payable for the unused revolving commitments at September 30, 2024 is 0.375 per year. Our weighted average interest rate on loan amounts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 7.21 and 9.75 , respectively. 
 
 The borrowing base under the Revolving Credit Facility was 2.6 billion and 2.0 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023.The borrowing base is subject to semi-annual scheduled redeterminations on or about April 1 and October 1 of each year, as well as (i) elective borrowing base interim redeterminations at our request not more than twice during any consecutive 12-month period or the required lenders not more than once during any consecutive 12-month period and (ii) elective borrowing base interim redeterminations at our request following any acquisition of oil and natural gas properties with a purchase price in the aggregate of at least 5.0 of the then effective borrowing base. The borrowing base will be automatically reduced upon (a) the issuance of certain permitted junior lien debt and other permitted additional debt, (b) the sale or other disposition of borrowing base properties if the aggregate net present value, discounted at 9 per annum PV-9 of such properties sold or disposed of is in excess of 5.0 of the borrowing base then in effect and (c) early termination or set-off of swap agreements (x) the administrative agent relied on in determining the borrowing base or (y) if the value of such swap agreements so terminated is in excess of 5.0 of the borrowing base then in effect. 
 
 The obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility remain secured by first priority liens on substantially all of our and the guarantors tangible and intangible assets, including without limitation, oil and natural gas properties and associated assets and equity interests owned by us and such guarantors. In connection with each redetermination of the borrowing base, we must 
 52 

maintain mortgages on at least 85 of the PV-9 of the oil and gas properties that constitute borrowing base properties. Our domestic direct and indirect subsidiaries are required to be guarantors under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains certain covenants that restrict the payment of cash dividends, certain borrowings, sales of assets, loans to others, investments, merger activity, commodity swap agreements, liens and other transactions without the adherence to certain financial covenants or the prior consent of our lenders. We are subject to (i) maximum leverage ratio and (ii) current ratio financial covenants calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Revolving Credit Facility also contains representations, warranties, indemnifications and affirmative and negative covenants, including events of default relating to nonpayment of principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect when made or when deemed made, violation of covenants, bankruptcy and insolvency events, certain unsatisfied judgments and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and we are unable to cure such default, the lenders will be able to accelerate maturity and exercise other rights and remedies. At September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with each of the covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility and expect to remain in compliance with these covenants for the foreseeable future. 
 
 On April 10, 2024, we entered into the Seventh Amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility, which, among other things, the amendment included a reduction of the borrowing base to 1.7 billion from 2.0 billion, maintained elected commitments at 1.3 billion and extended the maturity date of any revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Facility to April 10, 2029. The amendment also modified the fee payable for the unused revolving commitments such that it is 0.375 or 0.50 per year based on utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility and maintained the applicable margin, so that the loans under the Revolving Credit Facility will continue to be priced based on SOFR plus 2.35 to 3.35 or an adjusted base rate plus 1.25 to 2.25 , in each case, based on utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On May 24, 2024, we entered into the Eighth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility, which, among other things, increased the threshold amount for the incurrence of certain additional indebtedness from 500.0 million to 1.0 billion during the period beginning on May 24, 2024 and ending on the scheduled redetermination date for the October 1, 2024 scheduled borrowing base redetermination. As a result, during this period, the borrowing base will not be required to be reduced by 0.25x of the principal amount of such new debt incurrences so long as the principal amount of such indebtedness does not exceed the 1.0 billion aggregate threshold. 
 
 On June 14, 2024, we entered into the Ninth Amendment to the Revolving Credit Facility, which, among other things, (a) permits the issuance of the 2033 Notes as permitted additional debt under the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) excludes the proceeds of the 2033 Notes from the requirement to prepay the revolving loans under the Revolving Credit Facility with excess cash on a monthly basis until the earliest to occur of (i) the date of consummation of the SilverBow Merger, (ii) the date on which we redeem the 2033 Notes in full as a result of the occurrence of an event requiring special mandatory redemption and (iii) May 22, 2025. 
 
 On July 30, 2024, in connection with the closing of the SilverBow Merger, we entered into the Tenth Amendment to the credit agreement governing our Revolving Credit Facility. Among other things, the amendment increased the aggregate elected commitment amount to 2.0 billion and increased the borrowing base from 1.7 billion to 2.6 billion. 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 
 Our acquisition and development expenditures consist of acquisitions of proved and unproved property, expenditures associated with the development of our oil and natural gas properties and other asset additions. Cash expenditures for drilling, completion and recompletion activities are presented as " Development of oil and natural gas properties" in investing activities on our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 We expect to fund our 2024 capital program, excluding acquisitions through cash flow from operations. The amount and timing of capital expenditures on development of oil and natural gas properties is substantially within our control due to the held-by-production nature of our assets. We regularly review our capital expenditures throughout the year and could choose to adjust our investments based on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. Any postponement or elimination of our development drilling program could result in a reduction of proved reserve volumes, the related Standardized Measure. These risks could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 53 

The table below presents our capital expenditures and related metrics that we use to evaluate our business for the periods presented: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Total development of oil and natural gas properties 524,618 444,245 Change in accruals or other non-cash adjustments (57,073) 27,030 Cash used in development of oil and natural gas properties 467,545 471,275 Cash used in acquisition of oil and natural gas properties 387,775 622,698 Non-cash acquisition of oil and natural gas properties 611,423 Total expenditures on acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties 1,466,743 1,093,973 
 
 Our cash used in development of oil and natural gas properties was slightly lower during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is related to the timing of our operations and related invoices. We used cash of 387.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 for the acquisition of oil and natural gas properties, as compared to 622.7 million in 2023, primarily related to the SilverBow Merger in 2024 and our Western Eagle Ford Acquisitions in 2023 (see Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements, NOTE 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report). 
 
 Contractual obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the contractual obligations previously disclosed in our Annual Report. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Our future dividends depend on our level of earnings, financial requirements and other factors and will be subject to approval by our Board of Directors, applicable law and the terms of our existing debt documents, including the indentures governing the Senior Notes. 
 
 We paid cash dividends of 0.36 per share of our Class A Common Stock to shareholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 On November 4, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.12 per share, or 0.48 per share on an annualized basis, to be paid to shareholders of our Class A Common Stock with respect to the third quarter of 2024. The quarterly dividend is payable on December 2, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2024. OpCo unitholders will also receive a distribution based on their pro rata ownership of OpCo Units. 
 
 The payment of quarterly cash dividends is subject to management s evaluation of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in connection with such payments and approval by our Board of Directors. In light of current economic conditions, management will evaluate any future increases in cash dividend on a quarterly basis. 

Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial and results of operations are based upon our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. A complete list of our significant accounting policies is described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 in our Annual Report. Refer also to "Critical accounting estimates" in Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report. There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies and critical accounting estimates as of September 30, 2024. 

Non-GAAP financial measures 
 
 Our MD A includes financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include the following: 
 54 

Adjusted EBITDAX; and 
 Levered Free Cash Flow 
 
 These are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by our management to assess our operating results and assist us to make our investment decisions. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations, as well as liquidity and capital resources, and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results. 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDAX as net income (loss) before interest expense, loss from extinguishment of debt, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation, depletion and amortization, exploration expense, non-cash gain (loss) on derivatives, equity-based compensation, (gain) loss on sale of assets, other (income) expense and transaction and nonrecurring expenses. Additionally, we further subtract certain redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo and settlement of acquired derivative contracts. We include Certain-redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo" to reflect Manager Compensation as if 100 of OpCo were owned and managed by the Company, to reflect consistent earnings and liquidity measures not impacted by the amount of OpCo's ownership under management. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX is not a measure of performance as determined by GAAP. We believe Adjusted EBITDAX is a useful performance measure because it allows for an effective evaluation of our operating performance when compared against our peers, without regard to financing methods, corporate form or capital structure. We exclude the items listed above from net income (loss) in arriving at Adjusted EBITDAX because these amounts can vary substantially within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired. Adjusted EBITDAX should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as determined in accordance with GAAP, of which such measure is the most comparable GAAP measure. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDAX are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance, such as a company s cost of capital and tax burden, as well as the historic costs of depreciable assets, none of which are reflected in Adjusted EBITDAX. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDAX should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. Our computations of Adjusted EBITDAX may not be identical to other similarly titled measures of other companies. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility and Senior Notes include a calculation of Adjusted EBITDAX for purposes of covenant compliance. 
 
 We define Levered Free Cash Flow as Adjusted EBITDAX less interest expense, excluding non-cash amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts, and premiums, loss from extinguishment of debt, excluding non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs, discounts, and premiums and SilverBow Merger transaction related costs, current income tax benefit (expense), tax-related redeemable noncontrolling interest distributions made by OpCo and development of oil and natural gas properties. Levered Free Cash Flow does not take into account amounts incurred on acquisitions. 
 
 Levered Free Cash Flow is not a measure of liquidity as determined by GAAP. Levered Free Cash Flow is a supplemental non-GAAP liquidity measure that is used by our management and external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders and rating agencies. We believe Levered Free Cash Flow is a useful liquidity measure because it allows for an effective evaluation of our operating and financial performance and the ability of our operations to generate cash flow that is available to reduce leverage or distribute to our equity holders. Levered Free Cash Flow should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, Net cash flow provided by operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP, of which such measure is the most comparable GAAP measure, or as an indicator of actual liquidity, operating performance or investing activities. Our computations of Levered Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDAX and Levered Free Cash Flow should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures, see Results of Operations Adjusted EBITDAX (non-GAAP) and Levered Free Cash Flow (non-GAAP) above. 
 
 55 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk, including the effects of adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates as described below. The primary objective of the following information is to provide quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term market risk refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in commodity prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. 
 
 Commodity price risk 
 
 Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs production. 
 
 Pricing for oil, natural gas and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future. The prices we receive for our production depend on many factors outside of our control, such as the strength of the global economy and global supply and demand for the commodities we produce. 
 
 To reduce the impact of fluctuations in oil, natural gas and NGLs prices on our cash flows, we regularly enter into commodity derivative contracts with respect to certain of our oil, natural gas and NGL production through various transactions that limit the risks of fluctuations of future prices. A key tenet of our focused risk management effort is an active economic hedge strategy to mitigate near-term price volatility while maintaining long-term exposure to underlying commodity prices. Our hedging program allows us to preserve capital and protect margins and corporate returns through commodity cycles and return capital to investors. Future transactions may include price swaps whereby we will receive a fixed price for our production and pay a variable market price to the contract counterparty. Additionally, we may enter into collars, whereby we receive the excess, if any, of the fixed 
 floor over the floating rate or pay the excess, if any, of the floating rate over the fixed ceiling. These economic hedging activities are intended to limit our near-term exposure to product price volatility and to maintain stable cash flows, a strong balance sheet and attractive corporate returns. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our derivative portfolio had an aggregate notional value of approximately 2.8 billion, and the fair market value of our commodity derivative contracts was a net asset of 170.9 million. We determine the fair value of our oil and natural gas commodity derivatives using valuation techniques that utilize market quotes and pricing analysis. Inputs include publicly available prices and forward price curves generated from a compilation of data gathered from third parties. 
 
 Based upon our open commodity derivative positions at September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the NYMEX WTI, Brent price, Henry Hub Index price, NGL prices and basis prices would change our net commodity derivative position. If prices increased by 10 , our derivative position would change by approximately 171.5 million. If prices decreased by 10 , our derivative position would change by approximately 158.2 million. The hypothetical change in fair value could be a gain or a loss depending on whether commodity prices decrease or increase. 
 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as risk management assets and liabilities. We use derivative instruments and enter into swap contracts which are governed by ISDA master agreements. Amounts not offset on our condensed consolidated balance sheets represent positions that do not meet all of the conditions to be netted on such balance sheet, such as the legally enforceable right of offset or the execution of a master netting arrangement. See Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements, NOTE 4 Derivatives in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report for additional discussion. 
 
 Counterparty and customer credit risk 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are exposed to concentrations of credit risk. We manage and control this risk by investing these funds with major financial institutions. We often have balances in excess of the federally insured limits. 
 
 We sell oil, natural gas and NGLs to various types of customers. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of our customer s financial conditions and historical payment record. The future availability of a ready market for oil, natural gas and NGLs depends on numerous factors outside of our control, none of which can be predicted with certainty. 
 
 We do not believe the loss of any single customer would materially impact our operating results because oil, natural gas and NGLs are fungible products with well-established markets and numerous purchasers. 
 
 56 

To minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments, it is our policy to enter into derivative contracts only with counterparties that are creditworthy financial institutions deemed by our management as competent and competitive market makers. Additionally, our ISDAs allow us to net positions with the same counterparty to minimize credit risk exposure. The creditworthiness of our counterparties is subject to periodic review. 
 
 Interest rate risk 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 572.3 million of variable rate debt outstanding. Assuming no change in the amount outstanding, the impact on interest expense of a 1 increase or decrease in the average interest rate would be an approximate 4.3 million increase or decrease in interest expense on our variable rate debt outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures ("Disclosure Controls") within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Our Disclosure Controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Our Disclosure Controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our Disclosure Controls, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our Disclosure Controls were effective. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act), during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 57 

Part II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. We are currently unaware of any proceedings that, in the opinion of management, will individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Additional information required for this Item is provided in Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements, Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Item. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There are a number of risks that we believe are applicable to our business and the oil and gas industry in which we operate. These risks are described elsewhere in this report or our other filings with the SEC, including the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors beginning on page 36 in our Annual Report. If any of the risks and uncertainties described within our Annual Report, our other filings with the SEC or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to our repurchases of shares of Class A Common Stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs. 
 (in thousands) 
 7/1/2024 - 7/31/2024 
 127,299 8/1/2024 - 8/31/2024 
 303,946 10.96 303,946 123,967 9/1/2024 - 9/30/2024 
 383,796 10.45 383,796 119,956 
 
 Our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program on March 4, 2024 with an approved limit of 150.0 million and a two-year term. Repurchases may be of our Class A Common Stock or of OpCo Units (with the cancellation of a corresponding number of shares of our Class B Common Stock). Such repurchase may be made by Crescent or by OpCo, as applicable, and may be made from time to time in the open market, in a privately negotiated transaction, through purchases made in accordance with the Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act or by such other means as will comply with applicable state and federal securities laws. The timing of any repurchases under the stock repurchase program will depend on market conditions, contractual limitations and other considerations. The program may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of securities. The 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations enacted as part of the IRA 2022 applies to repurchases of our Class A Common Stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Amendment to the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 58 

On October 29, 2024, our Board of Directors adopted the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Pursuant to the Second Amendment, an additional 2,848,006 shares of our Class A Common Stock may be issued pursuant to the Plan as a result of the assumption of the authorized but unused shares that remained available under the SilverBow Resources, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the SilverBow Plan following the completion of the SilverBow Merger. For the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Section 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual, the authorized but unused shares that remained available under the SilverBow Plan were adjusted to reflect the SilverBow Merger in order to determine the 2,848,006 shares of Class A Common Stock added to the Plan pursuant to the Second Amendment. The additional shares of our Class A Common Stock authorized to be issued under the Plan pursuant to the Second Amendment will be registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Second Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amendment, which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated into this Item 5 by reference. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 2.1# 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2023, by and among Mesquite Comanche Holdings, LLC, SN EF Maverick, LLC and Javelin EF L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2023). 
 2.2# 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Mesquite Comanche Holdings, LLC, SN EF Maverick, LLC and Javelin EF L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2024). 
 2.3# 
 Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2023, by and among Mesquite Comanche Holdings, LLC, SN EF Maverick, LLC and Javelin EF L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2024). 
 2.4# 
 Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2024, by and among Mesquite Comanche Holdings, LLC, SN EF Maverick, LLC and Javelin EF L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2024). 
 2.5 
 F ourth Amendment to Purchase and Sales Agreemen t, dated as of Sep tember 12, 20 24, by and among Mes quite Comanche Holdings, LLC, SN EF Ma verick, LLC and Jav elin EF L.P. 
 2.6# 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 15, 2024, by and among Crescent Energy Company, Artemis Acquisition Holdings Inc., Artemis Merger Sub Inc., Artemis Merger Sub II LLC and SilverBow Resources, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2024). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2021). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 6, 2021, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC (f/k/a Independence Energy Finance LLC), the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 14, 2022, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor to U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2022, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022). 
 
 59 

4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2022, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2022) . 
 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2022, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2022) . 
 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 12, 2022, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022). 
 4.7 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2023, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2023). 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2023, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2023). 
 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 20, 2023, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 21, 2023). 
 4.10 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 12, 2023, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2023). 
 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 8, 2023, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2023). 
 4.14 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of Septem ber 3 , 202 4 , among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee . 
 4.15 Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2024, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2024). 
 4.16 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 3 , 2024, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee . 
 4.17 Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2024, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18, 2024). 
 4.18 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2024, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2024). 
 4.19 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 9, 2024, among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, the guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2024). 
 10.1 Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 30, 2024, by and among Crescent Energy Finance LLC, certain subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance LLC, as guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, collateral agent and a letter of credit issuer, and the other lenders and letter of credit issuers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2024). 
 10.2 Indemnification Agreement (Marcus C. Rowland) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2024). 
 10.3 Indemnification Agreement (Michael Duginski) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2024). 
 10.4 
 Second Amendment to the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 60 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 
 Interactive data files (formatted as Inline XBRL) 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 
 F urnished herewith. 
 # Certain annexes, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted annexes, schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 61 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY (Registrant) November 4, 2024 /s/ David Rockecharlie David Rockecharlie Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 4, 2024 /s/ Brandi Kendall Brandi Kendall Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 62 

<EX-2.5>
 2
 exhibit25comanche_4thamend.htm
 EX-2.5

Document 
 Exhibit 2.5 

 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 This Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement (this Amendment ), is dated September 12, 2024, by and between MESQUITE COMANCHE HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Comanche Holdings ), and SN EF MAVERICK, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SN EF Maverick , and collectively with Comanche Holdings, Seller ), on the one part, and JAVELIN EF L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Purchaser ), on the other part. Purchaser and Seller are each a Party and collectively the Parties . 
 WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated May 2, 2023 (the Original Purchase Agreement and amended the Original Purchase Agreement pursuant to that certain First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated July 3, 2023 (the First Amendment ), that certain Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated December 18, 2023 (the Second Amendment and that certain Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 11, 2024 (the Third Amendment and, together with the Original Purchase Agreement, the First Amendment, the Second Amendment and the Third Amendment, the Purchase Agreement 
 WHEREAS, at Closing, certain Assets were not conveyed to Purchaser due to unsatisfied Specified Consent Requirements (the Friday Consents in accordance with Section 4.6(b) of the Purchase Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties have been using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain the Friday Consents and desire to further amend the Purchase Agreement to extend the time to seek the Friday Consents. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set forth herein and in the Purchase Agreement, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound by the terms hereof, hereby agree as follows 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth for such terms in the Purchase Agreement. 
 2. Amendment to Section 4.6(b) of the Purchase Agreement . The last sentence and the penultimate sentence of Section 4.6(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced in its entirety with the following 
 If an unsatisfied Specified Consent Requirement with respect to which an adjustment to the Unadjusted Purchase Price is made under Section 3.3 is subsequently obtained by October 31, 2024, a separate closing shall be held within five Business Days thereof at which (A) Seller shall convey the affected Property and related Assets to Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement and (B) Purchaser shall pay an amount equal to the Allocated Value of such Property and related Assets, adjusted in accordance with Section 3.3 , to Seller. If such consent requirement is not obtained by October 31, 2024, Seller shall have no further obligation to sell and convey such Property and related Assets and Purchaser shall have no further obligation to purchase, accept, and pay for such 

Property, and the affected Property and related Assets shall be deemed to be deleted from the applicable Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement for all purposes. 
 3. Ratification. From and after the date of this Amendment, all references to the Purchase Agreement set forth therein or in any other agreement or instrument shall, unless otherwise specifically provided, be references to the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment and as may be further amended, modified, restated or supplemented from time to time by the parties. This Amendment shall not constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Purchase Agreement, except as expressly set forth herein. As amended hereby, the Purchase Agreement shall continue in full force and effect according to its terms. 
 4. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original instrument, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one Amendment. Either Party s delivery of an executed counterpart signature page by email is as effective as executing and delivering this Amendment in the presence of the other Party. No Party shall be bound until such time as all of the Parties have executed counterparts of this Amendment. 
 5. Incorporation . The provisions of the following Sections of the Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Amendment, mutatis mutandis Sections 13.2 through 13.11, Section 13.13, 13.14, and 13.16. 
 Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank Signature Page Follows. 
 
 - 2 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment on the date first above written. 

SELLER 
 
 MESQUITE COMANCHE HOLDINGS, LLC 

By s Cameron W. George 
 Name Cameron W. George 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

SN EF MAVERICK, LLC 

By s B. Scott Wike 
 Name B. Scott Wike 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement 

PURCHASER 
 
 JAVELIN EF L.P. 
 By Javelin EF GP LLC, its general partner 
 By Javelin Aggregator L.P., its sole member 
 By Javelin EFA GP LLC, its general partner 
 By Javelin Oil & Gas, LLC, its sole member 

By s Jennifer Cadena 
 Name Jennifer Cadena 
 Title Vice President, Land 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement 

</EX-2.5>

<EX-4.14>
 3
 exhibit414crgy-2028fourths.htm
 EX-4.14

Document 
 Execution Version 

 FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of September 3, 2024, among Artemis Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, SilverBow Resources Operating, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and SilverBow AgentCo Inc., a Delaware corporation (each, a Guaranteeing Subsidiary and collectively, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2023 (the Original Indenture ), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of July 20, 2023 (the First Supplemental Indenture ), the second supplemental indenture, dated as of September 12, 2023 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and the third supplemental indenture, dated as of December 8, 2023 (the Third Supplemental Indenture and, the Original Indenture as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture and the Third Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture providing for the issuance of an unlimited aggregate principal amount of 9.250 Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which each Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows 
 (1) Capitalized Terms . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 (2) Agreement to Guarantee . Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture and (i) hereby joins and becomes a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below as a Guarantor and (ii) acknowledges and agrees to (x) be bound by the Indenture as a Guarantor and (y) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. 

(3) No Recourse Against Others . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or equity holder of the Company or any Guarantor or any Parent Company will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting Notes waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 
 (4) Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (5) Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts, which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic (by .pdf or other format) transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronically (by .pdf or other format) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
 (6) Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 (7) The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries. 
 (8) Benefits Acknowledged . Upon execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture each Guaranteeing Subsidiary will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that its obligations as a result of this Supplemental Indenture are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 
 (9) Successors . All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 
 -2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written. 
 CRESCENT ENERGY FINANCE LLC, as Company 
 
 By Crescent Energy OpCo LLC, its sole member 
 
 By Crescent Energy Company, its managing member 

By s Brandi Kendall 
 Name Brandi Kendall 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

ARTEMIS MERGER SUB II LLC, as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW AGENTCO INC., as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW RESOURCES OPERATING, LLC, as Guarantor 
 
 s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Fourth Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, 
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 
 
 By s Brian T. Jensen 
 Name Brian T. Jensen 
 Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-4.16>
 4
 exhibit416crgy-2032firstsu.htm
 EX-4.16

Document 
 Execution Version 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 First Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of September 3, 2024, among Artemis Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, SilverBow Resources Operating, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and SilverBow AgentCo Inc., a Delaware corporation (each, a Guaranteeing Subsidiary and collectively, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2024 (the Indenture providing for the issuance of an unlimited aggregate principal amount of 7.625 Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which each Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows 
 (1) Capitalized Terms . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 (2) Agreement to Guarantee . Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture and (i) hereby joins and becomes a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below as a Guarantor and (ii) acknowledges and agrees to (x) be bound by the Indenture as a Guarantor and (y) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. 
 (3) No Recourse Against Others . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or equity holder of the Company or any Guarantor or any Parent Company will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting Notes 

waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 
 (4) Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (5) Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts, which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic (by .pdf or other format) transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronically (by .pdf or other format) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
 (6) Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 (7) The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries. 
 (8) Benefits Acknowledged . Upon execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture each Guaranteeing Subsidiary will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that its obligations as a result of this Supplemental Indenture are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 
 (9) Successors . All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 
 
 -2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 CRESCENT ENERGY FINANCE LLC, as Company 
 
 By Crescent Energy OpCo LLC, its sole member 
 
 By Crescent Energy Company, its managing member 

By s Brandi Kendall 
 Name Brandi Kendall 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

ARTEMIS MERGER SUB II LLC, as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW AGENTCO INC., as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW RESOURCES OPERATING, LLC, as Guarantor 
 
 s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to (2032) First Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, 
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 
 
 By s Brian T. Jensen 
 Name Brian T. Jensen 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to (2032) First Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.16>

<EX-4.18>
 5
 exhibit418crgy-2033firstsu.htm
 EX-4.18

Document 
 Execution Version 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 First Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of September 3, 2024, among Artemis Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, SilverBow Resources Operating, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and SilverBow AgentCo Inc., a Delaware corporation (each, a Guaranteeing Subsidiary and collectively, the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries ), subsidiaries of Crescent Energy Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2024 (the Indenture ), providing for the issuance of an unlimited aggregate principal amount of 7.375 Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which each Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under the Indenture (the Guarantee and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows 
 (1) Capitalized Terms . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 (2) Agreement to Guarantee . Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture and (i) hereby joins and becomes a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below as a Guarantor and (ii) acknowledges and agrees to (x) be bound by the Indenture as a Guarantor and (y) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. 
 (3) No Recourse Against Others . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner or equity holder of the Company or any Guarantor or any Parent Company will have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting Notes 

waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 
 (4) Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (5) Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts, which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic (by .pdf or other format) transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronically (by .pdf or other format) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
 (6) Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 (7) The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries. 
 (8) Benefits Acknowledged . Upon execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture each Guaranteeing Subsidiary will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. Each Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that its obligations as a result of this Supplemental Indenture are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 
 (9) Successors . All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 
 
 -2- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written. 
 
 CRESCENT ENERGY FINANCE LLC, as Company 
 
 By Crescent Energy OpCo LLC, its sole member 
 
 By Crescent Energy Company, its managing member 

By s Brandi Kendall 
 Name Brandi Kendall 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

ARTEMIS MERGER SUB II LLC, as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW AGENTCO INC., as Guarantor 

By s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 

SILVERBOW RESOURCES OPERATING, LLC, as Guarantor 
 
 s Todd Falk 
 Name Todd Falk 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to (2033) First Supplemental Indenture 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, 
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 
 
 By s Brian T. Jensen 
 Name Brian T. Jensen 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to (2033) First Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 exhibit104crgy-secondamend.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE 
 CRESCENT ENERGY COMPANY 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT (the Second Amendment to the Crescent Energy Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), has been adopted by the board of directors (the Board of Crescent Energy Company, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Company previously adopted the Plan 
 
 WHEREAS , Article XIX of the Plan provides that the Plan may be amended from time to time, subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders if such stockholder approval is required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Company s stock is listed or quoted 
 
 WHEREAS , on July 30, 2024, the Company completed a transaction with SilverBow Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation SilverBow ), whereby SilverBow became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Transaction 
 
 WHEREAS , as a result of the Transaction, the Company assumed the SilverBow Resources, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the SilverBow Plan and the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to amend the Plan in order to authorize the assumption of all authorized but unused shares under the SilverBow Plan (the SilverBow Shares so that such SilverBow Shares, as adjusted to reflect the Transaction, may be granted in the form of Common Stock under the Plan 
 
 WHEREAS , as adjusted to reflect the Transaction, the SilverBow Shares represent 2,848,006 shares of Common Stock 
 
 WHEREAS , the Common Stock is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the assumption of the SilverBow Shares under the Plan as described in the preceding resolutions does not require stockholder approval pursuant to Section 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual 
 
 WHEREAS , the Plan provides that an amendment to adjust the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan shall not be contingent on stockholder approval if the Board determines that such adjustment is equitably required in the event that there occurs an event which in the judgment of the Board necessitates such action 

WHEREAS , the Board has determined that the Transaction is such an event that necessitates the adjustment to the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Board has determined that the Second Amendment shall be made effective as of October 29, 2024 (the Amendment Effective Date ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED , that the Plan shall be amended, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date as set forth below 
 
 1. Section 5.02 of the Plan is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following 
 Subject to adjustment as provided under Article XV , the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered with respect to Awards under the Plan (and the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Plan through incentive stock options granted under the Plan) is equal to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (a) 3,338,550 plus (b) 2,848,006 (the SilverBow Shares ), which relate to the authorized but unused shares that remained available under the SilverBow Resources, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the SilverBow Plan upon the completion of the Company s transaction with SilverBow Resources, a Delaware corporation SilverBow ), whereby SilverBow became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Transaction (such total amount, the Aggregate Limit provided , however , that such Awards of SilverBow Shares (i) shall be subject to the listing rules of the applicable stock exchange, if any, on which the Common Stock is listed (including with respect to the eligibility of the individuals who may be granted such Awards) and (ii) shall not be made after the date that awards or grants could have otherwise been made under the terms of the SilverBow Plan, absent the Transaction. 
 FURTHER RESOLVED , that except as amended hereby, the Plan shall continue to read in the current state and is specifically ratified and reaffirmed. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 crgy-section302ex311certif.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, David Rockecharlie, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crescent Energy Company (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s David Rockecharlie David Rockecharlie Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 crgy-section302ex312certif.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Brandi Kendall, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crescent Energy Company (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Brandi Kendall Brandi Kendall Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 crgy-section906ex321certif.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Crescent Energy Company (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), David Rockecharlie, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Brandi Kendall, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his or her knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s David Rockecharlie David Rockecharlie Chief Executive Officer Date November 4, 2024 
 s Brandi Kendall Brandi Kendall Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 crgy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 crgy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 crgy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 crgy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 crgy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

