<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1830188_0001830188-24-000037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10963849</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138112</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1832898</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3674330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2793773</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2327962</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001830188-24-000037.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001830188-24-000037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			United Homes Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				853460766
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39936
		FILM NUMBER:		241448100

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		917 CHAPIN ROAD
		CITY:			CHAPIN
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-766-4663

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		917 CHAPIN ROAD
		CITY:			CHAPIN
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DiamondHead Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001830188-24-000037.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 uhg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

uhg-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of November 8, 2024, Class A Common Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B Common Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 FORM 10-Q 
 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, estimate, believe, seek, continue, or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with our business, and important factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, please refer to the factors listed and described in this report and in our other SEC filings. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Real estate inventory not owned Due from related party Related party note receivable Income tax receivable Lot deposits Investment in joint venture Property and equipment, net Operating right-of-use assets Deferred tax asset Prepaid expenses and other assets Goodwill Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable Homebuilding debt and other affiliate debt Liabilities from real estate inventory not owned Due to related party Operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses and liabilities Income tax payable Derivative liabilities Convertible Notes payable Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding. 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding on September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) ) Total Stockholders' equity ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying unaudited Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue, net of sales discounts Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Net income from operations Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) (Loss) income before taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (loss) income ) Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) Basic and diluted weighted-average number of shares Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying unaudited Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (1) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Total Stockholders' equity Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Exercise of employee stock options Issuance of shares related to restricted stock units ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Exercise of employee stock options Forfeiture of stock options under the 2023 Plan Issuance of shares related to performance stock units ) Taxes related to net share settlement of performance stock units ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net income Balance as of June 30, 2024 Exercise of employee stock options Forfeiture of stock options under the 2023 Plan Issuance of shares related to restricted stock units ) Taxes related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Recognition of derivative liability related to equity incentive plan ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) Total Stockholders' equity Class A Class B Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 Distributions and net transfer to shareholders and Other Affiliates ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Forfeiture of private placement warrants Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Issuance of common stock related to PIPE Investment Issuance of common stock related to lock-up agreement Recognition of derivative liability related to earnout ) ) Recognition of derivative liability related equity incentive plan ) ) Earnout stock-based compensation expense for UHG employee options Transaction costs related to reverse recapitalization ) ) Reclassification of negative APIC related to the reverse recapitalization ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options under the 2023 Plan Forfeiture of stock options under the 2023 Plan Exercise of stock warrants ) Transaction costs related to equity issuance ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options under the 2023 Plan Recognition of derivative liability related equity incentive plan ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) :1 Exchange Ratio established in the Business Combination. 
 The accompanying unaudited Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Credit loss Investment earnings in joint venture ) ) Depreciation expense Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Gain on lease modification ) Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of discount on Convertible Notes Amortization of discount on private investor debt Non-cash interest income ) Stock compensation expense Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Provision for deferred income taxes ) Change in fair value of contingent earnout liability ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Change in fair value of equity incentive plan ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Related party receivable Inventories Lot deposits ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Income tax receivable/ payable ) ) Due to related parties Other accrued expenses and liabilities ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Proceeds from promissory note issued for sale of property and equipment Payments on business acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from related party note receivable Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from homebuilding debt Repayments of homebuilding debt ) ) 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Proceeds from sale of real estate inventory not owned Repayments of liabilities from real estate inventory not owned ) Repayments on private investor loans ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options Proceeds from other affiliate debt Distributions and net transfer to shareholders and Other Affiliates ) Proceeds from Convertible Note, net of transaction costs Proceeds from PIPE investment and lock up Proceeds from Business Combination, net of SPAC transaction costs Payment of equity issuance costs ) Payment of transaction costs ) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Modification to existing lease ) Termination of existing lease Noncash exercise of employee stock options Forfeiture of employee stock options ) Taxes related to net share settlement of performance stock units Taxes related to net share settlement of restricted stock units Settlement of equity awards Additions of right-of-use lease assets and liabilities Promissory note issued for sale of property and equipment Settlement of co-obligor debt to affiliates Release of guarantor from GSH to shareholder Non-cash distribution to owners of Other Affiliates Earnest money receivable from Other Affiliates Recognition of previously capitalized deferred transaction costs Recognition of derivative liability related to earnout Recognition of derivative liability related to equity incentive plan Recognition of warrant liability upon Business Combination Forfeiture of private placement warrants upon Business Combination ) Issuance of common stock upon the reverse recapitalization Recognition of deferred tax asset upon Business Combination Recognition of income tax payable upon Business Combination Recognition of assumed assets and liabilities upon Business Combination, net Noncash exercise of stock warrants Total non-cash activities 
 The accompanying unaudited Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

9 

Table of Contents 

10 

Table of Contents 

 11 

Table of Contents 

years Architectural Designs to years 
 Non-compete Agreement years 
 and a receivable of related to the shared services agreement included within Due to and Due from related party on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 The Company enters into lot option contracts with unrelated third party and related party land developers, and land bank option contracts to procure land or lots for the construction of homes. Under these option contracts, the Company funds a stated deposit in consideration for the right, but not the obligation, to purchase land or lots at a future point in time at predetermined prices. Such contracts allow the Company to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by land sellers or land bank partners until the Company has determined whether and when to exercise the option, which may serve to reduce the Company s financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. Under the terms of the option contracts, the option deposits are not refundable. Management determined it holds a variable interest through its potential to absorb some of the land seller and land bank partners first dollar risk of loss by placing a non-refundable deposit. 
 Management determined that these counterparties to option contracts are VIEs, however the Company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore does not consolidate these VIEs. The creditors of the entities with which the Company has option agreements have no recourse against the Company and the maximum exposure to loss due to its involvement with the VIEs is limited to the non-refundable lot deposits, capitalized pre-acquisition costs, and, for certain land bank option contracts, potential performance obligations and cost overruns relative to the property under option. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company recognized and , respectively, of assets related to option contracts included within Lot deposits and and , respectively, of pre-acquisition land costs included within Inventories on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . In certain instances where the Company has entered into option agreements to purchase developed lots from a land bank partner, the Company may also enter into an agreement to complete the development of the lots on behalf of the land bank partner at a fixed cost. The Company may be at risk for cost overruns related to the development of the property under option. 
 In limited circumstances, the Company may transfer developed lots it owns to a land banker and simultaneously enter into an option contract to repurchase those lots. In this instance, consistent with ASC 606, the Company is required to continue recognizing the finished lots sold on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as the transaction is accounted for as a financing arrangement rather than a sale. At the time the Company sells finished lots to the land banker and simultaneously enters into option contracts to repurchase those finished lots, the net cash received by the land banker 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 of the carrying value of the associated finished lots. In these circumstances, management determined it holds a variable interest in the land banker through its potential to absorb some of the third-party s first dollar risk of loss by not receiving an amount equal to or greater than the value of the associated finished lots the Company continues to recognize on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as Real estate inventory not owned. Management determined that the land banker is a VIE, however, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE as it does not have the power to direct the VIE s significant activities related to land development. The maximum exposure to loss with respect to the sale and subsequent repurchase of lots to the land banker is limited to the value of the Real estate inventory not owned not financed by the land banker, which was as of September 30, 2024. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized at a point in time from speculative homes totaled , and , respectively, and revenue recognized over time from land owned by customers totaled , and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized at a point in time from speculative homes totaled , and , respectively, and revenue recognized over time from land owned by customers totaled , and , respectively. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, in advertising and marketing costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The Company has reportable segments: South Carolina and Other. The South Carolina reporting segment primarily represents UHG s South Carolina homebuilding operations. This segment operates in the Upstate, Midlands, and Coastal regions of South Carolina, as well as a smaller presence in Georgia. The Other segment consists of UHG s homebuilding operations in Raleigh, NC and mortgage operations conducted through a mortgage banking joint venture, Homeowners Mortgage, LLC, which do not meet the quantitative thresholds to be disclosed separately. 
 The CODM reviews the results of operations, including total revenue and pretax income, to assess profitability and allocate resources. 
 Other Total segment revenues Reconciling items from investment in joint venture ) ) ) ) Consolidated revenues 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Other ) ) Total segment income before taxes Corporate reconciling items (2) : 
 Unallocated corporate overhead ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) ) Corporate investment income Corporate interest expense ) ) ) ) Other Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) Consolidated income before taxes ) 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 As of September 30, 2024 (3) 
 As of December 31, 2023 Assets Goodwill South Carolina Other Total segment assets Corporate reconciling items (2) : 
 Cash and cash equivalents Deferred tax asset Operating lease right-of-use assets Capitalized interest (4) 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Income tax receivable Other Consolidated assets 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The Company s revenue includes revenue recognized at a point in time from production home closings, as well as revenue recognized over time from construction activities on land owned by customers. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 revenues for the South Carolina segment consisted of both point in time and over time revenue, and revenues for the Other segment consisted of primarily point in time revenue. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 all point in time and primarily all over time revenue was recognized at the South Carolina segment. 
 (2) The corporate reconciling items included prior to consolidated income before taxes include unallocated corporate overhead (which includes public company expenses, corporate general and administrative expenses, and consulting fees), stock-based compensation expense, corporate interest income and expense, changes in fair value of derivative liabilities, and other corporate level items. Similarly, reconciling items included prior to consolidated assets include corporate cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets attributable to the corporate entity, and operating lease right-of-use assets. The Company s overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury, and human resources, are centrally performed and the costs and related assets are not allocated to the Company s operating segments. Corporate interest expense primarily consists of interest charges on the Convertible Notes. Prior to the merger with DHHC, Legacy UHG did not have a corporate function and therefore did not maintain any corporate level accounts. Following the merger, the Company has implemented a corporate level accounting function, resulting in the need for certain reconciling adjustments which did not exist prior to the Business Combination. 
 (3) In 2024, the Company acquired selected assets of Creekside Custom Homes, LLC, which resulted in the acquisition of goodwill. See Note 4 - Business acquisitions for further details. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

in cash. The acquisition allows UHG to further expand its presence in the coastal region of South Carolina, particularly in the Myrtle Beach, South Carolina area. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations under the acquisition method, and the results of operations have been included in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. The purchase price for the acquisition was allocated based on estimated fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of January 26, 2024. The amounts for intangible assets were based on third-party valuations performed. The Company recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of (all of which is tax deductible). The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from expanding the Company s market presence in South Carolina and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , t he Company recorded Revenue of and , respectively, and Net income of and , respectively, related to Creekside operations. Transaction costs of related to this transaction were expensed as incurred within the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change during its measurement period. The Company has not yet completed its evaluation and determination of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed, primarily (i) the final valuation of intangible assets, and (ii) the final assessment and valuation of certain other assets acquired and liabilities assumed, such as inventory, which could also impact goodwill during the measurement period. Although not expected to be significant, such adjustments may result in changes in the valuation of assets and liabilities acquired. 
 Lot deposits Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 Rosewood Communities, Inc. 
 On October 25, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of of the common stock of Rosewood Communities, Inc., a South Carolina corporation Rosewood (the Rosewood Acquisition for a purchase price of , of which was in cash. The remaining purchase price was related to a warranty cost reserve and contingent consideration based on of the EBITDA attributable to Rosewood s business through December 31, 2025. The initial estimate of the contingent consideration was approximately . The acquisition allows the Company to further expand its presence in the Upstate region of South Carolina. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805 under the acquisition method, and the results of operations have been included in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. The purchase price for the acquisition was allocated based on estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities as of October 25, 2023. The amounts for intangible assets were based on third-party valuations performed. The Company recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of (all of which is tax deductible). The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from expanding the Company s market presence in South Carolina and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 related to this transaction were expensed as incurred within the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Inventories Lot deposits Other assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Goodwill Liabilities ) Total purchase price 
 In connection with the Rosewood acquisition, the Company recorded contingent consideration based on the estimated EBITDA attributable to Rosewood s business through December 31, 2025. The measurement of contingent consideration was based on projected cash flows such as revenues, gross margin, overhead expenses and EBITDA and discounted to present value. The Company recorded the fair value of the contingent consideration within Other accrued expenses and liabilities on the acquisition date. The estimated earn-out payments are subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date based on the estimated future earnings of the acquired entity and the re-assessment of risk-adjusted discount rates. Maximum potential exposure for contingent consideration is not estimable based on the contractual terms of the contingent consideration agreement, which allows for a percentage payout based on a potentially unlimited range of EBITDA. 
 Herring Homes, LLC 
 On August 18, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of selected assets of Herring Homes, LLC Herring Homes ), a North Carolina homebuilder, for a purchase price of in cash. The acquisition allows the Company to expand its presence into the Raleigh, North Carolina market. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805 under the acquisition method, and the results of operations have been included in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. The purchase price for the acquisition was allocated based on estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities as of August 18, 2023. The Company recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of . The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from establishing a market presence in Raleigh and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. The remaining basis of is primarily comprised of the fair value of the acquired developed lots and lot purchase agreement deposits with limited other assets and liabilities. Transaction costs were not material and were expensed as incurred. 
 The Company entered into an agreement with Herring Homes to provide certain services including providing the use of UHG employees to finish unacquired work in progress inventory and treasury management in exchange for fees outlined in the agreement. Subsequent to the acquisition, UHG acquired lots and homes under construction in separate transactions for a fair value of million and million, respectively, in the Raleigh, North Carolina market. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Net (loss) income ) 
 
 . See Note 13 - Convertible Notes payable for further details on how the fair value was estimated. 
 All other financial instruments except for Derivative private placement warrants liability, Contingent earnout liability, Derivative stock option liability, Contingent consideration, and Convertible Notes payable are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because the Company values these instruments either based on recent trades of securities in active markets or based on quoted market prices of similar instruments and other significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 The models and significant assumptions used in preparing the valuations are disclosed in Note 16 - Warrant liability, Note 15 - Earnout shares, Note 14 - Stock-based compensation , and Note 13 - Convertible Notes payable respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Derivative private placement warrant liability Derivative public warrant liability Derivative stock option liability Total derivative liability Contingent consideration Total fair value 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Contingent earnout liability Derivative private placement warrant liability Derivative public warrant liability Derivative stock option liability Total derivative liability Contingent consideration Total fair value 
 Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers to/from levels during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Exercise of liability awards ) Change in fair value ) ) ) Liability at March 31, 2024 Forfeitures ) Change in fair value ) ) ) Liability at June 30, 2024 Forfeitures ) Recognition Change in fair value Liability at September 30, 2024 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Land under development Developed lots Homes under construction Finished homes Total inventory 
 Developed lots that were self developed or purchased at fair value from third parties and related parties was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Interest incurred Interest expensed: Included in cost of sales ) ) ) ) Directly to interest expense ) ) ) ) Capitalized interest at end of the period: 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Land Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Office equipment Vehicles Total Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense, included within Selling, general and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. These amounts are recorded on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, financing activities section, with borrowings presented as Proceeds from other affiliate debt and repayments as Repayments of other affiliate debt. On February 27, 2023, Legacy UHG paid off Wells Fargo debt associated with Other Affiliates in the amount of and on February 28, 2023, Legacy UHG was released as a co-obligor from the Anderson Brothers debt associated with Other Affiliates in anticipation of the Business Combination. As a result there is remaining debt balance associated with Other Affiliates as of September 30, 2024. Post Business Combination, the Company no longer enters into debt arrangements with Other Affiliates of Legacy UHG. As discussed further below, in connection with the Business Combination, the Wells Fargo Syndication line was amended and restated to exclude any members of the Nieri Group and Other Affiliates of Legacy UHG from the borrower list. 
 The advances from the revolving construction line, reflected as Homebuilding debt - Wells Fargo Syndication, are used to build homes and are repaid incrementally upon individual home sales. The revolving construction line is collateralized by the homes under construction and developed lots. The revolving construction line is fully secured, and the availability of funds is based on the inventory value at the time of the draw request. Interest is accrued based on the total syndication balance and is paid monthly. As the average construction time for homes is less than , all outstanding debt is considered short-term as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Regions Bank Flagstar Bank United Bank Third Coast Bank Total debt on contracts 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted average interest rate Homebuilding Debt - Wells Fargo Syndication Private Investor Debt Total Wells Fargo Bank Regions Bank Flagstar Bank United Bank Third Coast Bank Other notes payable Total debt on contracts 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Syndicated Credit Agreement Syndicated Line with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo ). The Syndicated Line was a revolving credit facility with a maturity date of July 2024, and an option to extend the maturity date for that could be exercised upon approval from Wells Fargo. The Syndicated Line also included a letter of credit as a sub-facility subjected to the same terms and conditions as the Syndicated Line. 
 The Syndicated Line was amended and restated First Amendment on March 30, 2023 Amendment Date in connection with the Business Combination and made GSH the sole borrower of the Syndicated Line. An additional amendment and restatement Second Amendment was entered into on August 10, 2023 in which UHG became a co-borrower of the Syndicated Line, the maximum borrowing capacity was increased to , and the maturity date was extended to August 10, 2026. In addition, Wells Fargo Bank and Regions Bank increased their participation in the Syndicated Line, lenders exited the Syndicated Line, and lenders joined as new participants of the Syndicated Line. On December 22, 2023 the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and amended financial covenants. On January 26, 2024, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. As a result of this amendment the Company established a process for the joinder of additional subsidiary borrowers of the Company, and Rosewood was joined, jointly and severally with the Company and GSH, as a borrower to the Syndicated Line. On August 2, 2024 (the Third Amendment Effective Date ), the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents Third Amendment which extended the maturity date to August 2, 2027 except with respect to non-extending lenders (representing of the committed amount), reduced the borrowing capacity to , and amended financial covenants. No other significant terms of the arrangements were changed as a result of these amendments other than those relating to the interest rate terms described below. The financial covenants referenced below are reflective of these amendments. 
 The interest rates on the borrowings under the Syndicated Line vary based on the Company s leverage ratio. In connection with the First Amendment, the benchmark interest rate was converted from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with no changes in the applicable rate margins. The interest rate is based on the greater of either LIBOR prior to Amendment Date or SOFR post Amendment Date plus an applicable margin (ranging from basis points to basis points) based on the Company s leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid, or the base rate plus the aforementioned applicable margin. 
 The remaining availability to be drawn down on the Syndicated Line was as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023. The Company pays a fee ranging between and basis points per annum depending on the unused amount of the Syndicated Line. The fee is computed on a daily basis and paid quarterly in arrears. 
 The Syndicated Line contains financial covenants, including (a) a minimum tangible net worth of no less than the sum of (i) million, plus (ii of positive actual consoli dated earnings earned in any fiscal quarter end, (iii) of new equity contributed to the Company, (iv) of any increase in tangible net worth resulting from an equity issuance upon the conversion or exchange of any security constituting indebtedness that is convertible or exchangeable, or is being converted or exchanged, for equity interests; and (v) of the amount of any repurchase of equity interests in the Company, (b) a maximum leverage covenant that prohibits the leverage ratio from exceeding to 1.00, except for up to quarterly measurement periods in which the ratio shall not exceed to 1.00 during the period beginning on the Third Amendment Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2025, (c) a minimum debt service coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00 for the period from and after June 30, 2024 until June 30, 2025, and a minimum of to 1.00 thereafter, and permits a minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio of no less than to 1.00 for up to quarterly measurement periods during the period beginning on the Third Amendment Effective Date and ending on June 30, 2025, (d) a minimum liquidity amount of not less the greater of from and after June 30, 2024, provided that during any period in which the debt service coverage ratio is less than to 1.00, the minimum liquidity threshold will be at least (i) , or (ii) an amount equal to x the trailing twelve month interest incurred and (e) unrestricted cash of not less than at all times. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 In connection with the amendments of the Syndicated Line, the Company incurred debt issuance costs, of which has been deferred and is being amortized over the remaining life of the Syndicated Line. The amendments are accounted for as modifications of an existing line of credit under ASC 470, Debt , for any lenders that continue to participate in the Syndicated Line. As a result, any previously unamortized deferred costs related to those lenders will continue to be amortized over the remaining life of the Syndicated Line. For lenders that no longer participate or did not renew as of the Third Amendment Date, the Company expensed all or some of the remaining unamortized deferred costs associated with their portion of the Syndicated Line. The Company recognized and of amortized 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. Outstanding deferred financing costs related to the Company s Homebuilding debt were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as the debt is a revolving arrangement. 
 Homebuilding Debt - Other 
 As a result of the Creekside acquisition, the Company assumed a series of construction loans with a financial institution. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company settled the remaining construction loans with the financial institution. gain or loss on extinguishment of debt was recorded as part of the transaction. 
 Private Investor Debt 
 The Company had other borrowings with private investors totaling and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were comprised of other notes payable and mortgage loans acquired in the normal course of business. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company settled the remaining private investor debt and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt amounting to . ) Other activities ) ) ) Total financing cash flows ) ) ) Non-cash activities Settlement of co-obligor debt to Other Affiliates Release of guarantor from GSH to shareholder Credit for earnest money deposits Total non-cash activity 
 Land development expense Represents costs that were paid for by Legacy UHG that relate to the Land Development Affiliates operations. The Land Development Affiliates acquire raw parcels of land and develop them so that Legacy UHG can build houses on the land. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 sale-leaseback transactions with related parties, whereby it is the lessee. The leases commenced on January 1, 2023. The Company is responsible for paying the operating expenses associated with the model homes while under lease. The rent expense associated with related party sale-leaseback agreements was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Leases 
 In addition to the transactions above, Legacy UHG has entered into separate operating lease agreements with a related party, including a lease of an office space used for its corporate headquarters. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company modified the lease of its corporate headquarters to reduce the leased space for the premises, which was accounted for as a lease modification and partial termination. The Company recorded a gain of as a result of the modification. The terms of the related party leases, including rent expense and future minimum payments, are described in Note 12 - Commitments and contingencies . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an outstanding receivable of with the related party, which is presented within Due to related party on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Services agreement 
 The Company shares office spaces with a related party and certain employees of the Company provide services to the same related party. As such, the Company allocates certain shared costs to the related party in line with a predetermined methodology based on headcount. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company allocated overhead costs to the related party in the amount of and , respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company was charged for property maintenance, consulting, and land development management services in the amount of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, by the same related party. The remaining balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was a payable of and a receivable of , respectively, and is presented within Due to and Due from related party on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 General contracting 
 The Company has been engaged as a general contractor by several related parties. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Revenue of and , respectively, and Cost of sales of and , respectively, were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, Revenue of and , respectively, and Cost of sales of and , respectively, were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Other 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized Revenue of within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations related to speculative homes purchased by related parties. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid certain land closing costs on behalf of a related party to transfer the land to one of the Company s land banking partners. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has capitalized of closing costs within Pre-acquisition costs on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to this transaction. 
 The Company utilizes a related party vendor to perform certain civil engineering services. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, expenses of and , respectively, and for the nine months ended 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company utilized a related party vendor to perform certain consulting services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, expenses of and , respectively, were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The Company utilized a related party vendor for certain aviation services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, expenses of and , respectively, were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company did not incur any expenses related to aviation services. The remaining balance outstanding for reimbursed services as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was a receivable of is presented within Due to related party on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 - of the agreed-upon fixed purchase price of the developed lots. In exchange for the deposit, the Company receives the right to purchase the finished developed lot at a preestablished price over a specified period of time. Such agreements enable the Company to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by land sellers and land bank partners until the Company determines whether and when to complete such acquisition, which may serve to reduce financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. 
 As of September 30, 2024 all interests in option contracts, including with related parties, are recorded within Lot deposits on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and presented in the table below. 
 Remaining purchase price Total contract value 
 Out of the lot deposits outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, are with related parties. 
 and forfeited option contract deposits, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had forfeited option contract deposits. The deposits placed by the Company pursuant to the option contracts are deemed to be a variable interest. See Note 2 - Summary of significant accounting policies 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Reserves provided Payments for warranty costs ) ) ) ) Warranty reserves at end of the period 
 
 office space in North Carolina with a third party. The office leases have a remaining lease term of up to , some of which include options to extend on a month-to-month basis, and some of which include options to terminate the lease. These options are excluded from the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability until it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. The Company recognized an operating lease expense of and within Selling, general, and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively. 
 Operating lease expense included variable lease expense of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, Operating lease expense included variable lease expense of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate for the operating leases was and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted-average remaining lease term was and years for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease liabilities Interest on operating lease liabilities ) Total present value of operating lease liabilities 
 The Company has certain leases which have initial lease terms of twelve months or less short-term leases ). The Company elected to exclude these leases from recognition, and these leases have not been included in our recognized operating ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. The Company recorded and of rent expense related to the short-term leases within Selling, general and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is subject to various claims and lawsuits that may arise primarily in the ordinary course of business, which consist mainly of construction defect claims. In the opinion of management, the disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. When the Company believes that a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, the Company will record an expense and corresponding contingent liability. As of the date of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, management believes that the Company has not incurred a liability as a result of any claims. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

million in original principal amount of Notes at a original issue discount and were issued an additional UHG Class A Common Shares (the PIPE Investment ). The aggregate proceeds of the PIPE Investment were million and were allocated between the securities issued. 
 The Notes mature on March 30, 2028, and bear interest at a rate of . The Company has the option to pay any accrued and unpaid interest at a rate in excess of either in cash or by capitalizing such interest and adding it to the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes PIK Interest ). The Company has elected to pay the full accrued and unpaid interest in excess of in cash rather than PIK Interest. The effective interest rate on the Notes is . 
 The Notes are convertible at the holder s option into UHG Class A Common Shares at any time after March 30, 2024 through March 30, 2028, at a per share price of Initial Conversion Price ). The Initial Conversion Price is subject to adjustments for certain anti-dilution provisions as provided in the Notes. If an anti-dilution event occurs, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion may be higher than implied by the Initial Conversion Price. Each Note is also convertible at the Company s option into UHG Class A Common Shares, at any time after the second anniversary of the Closing Date if the VWAP per UHG Class A Common Share exceeds for trading days in a consecutive trading day period. The Company was not required to bifurcate either of these conversion features as they met the derivative classification scope exception as described in ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging - Embedded Derivativ es. 
 The Notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time prior to days before March 30, 2028, by repaying all principal and interest amounts outstanding at the time of redemption plus a make-whole amount equal to the additional interest that would accrue if the Notes remained outstanding through their maturity date. The Company was not required to bifurcate the embedded redemption feature, as the economic characteristics and risks of the redemption feature were clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risk of the Notes in accordance with ASC 815-15. 
 The Notes also contain additional conversion, redemption, and payment provision features, at the option of the holder, which can be exercised upon contingent events such as the Company defaulting on the Notes, a change of control in the ownership of the Company, or other events requiring indemnification. As the contingent events are either entirely within the Company s control or based on an event for which management considers the probability of occurring as extremely remote, these features which are required to be bifurcated, would likely have minimal or no value, and therefore deemed to not be material to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The fair value of the Notes was calculated using a Binomial model and a Monte Carlo model. The PIPE Shares were valued using a Discounted Cash Flow Model. The Company will accrete the value of the discount across the expected term of the Note using the effective interest method. 
 Unamortized Discount ) ) Carrying Value 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Interest expense included within Cost of sales on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon bond used to reduce any projected future cash flows derived from the payoff of the Notes as UHG common shares. 
 Expected Volatility The Company s expected volatility was estimated based on the average historical volatility of the Company s volatility as well as comparable publicly traded companies. 
 . 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 On February 16, 2024, the Company granted performance-based stock options to a non-employee consultant that would vest upon the occurrence of a specified event. The grant date fair value of the options was , which was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In the first quarter, the Company determined the performance condition would not be met and the options were forfeited. compensation expense related to these stock options was recorded. 
 On February 26, 2024, the Company granted stock options to directors that vest annually in equal installments over . The options also include a clause which accelerates the vesting of the options on the date, if any, that the VWAP of the Company s Class A common stock for out of the preceding consecutive trading days is greater than or equal to . The grant date fair value of the options was and was determined using the Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo models. As of September 30, 2024, the accelerator had not been triggered. 
 The Company recognizes stock compensation expense resulting from the equity-based awards over the requisite service period. Stock compensation expense for stock options is recorded based on the estimated fair value of the equity based award on the grant date using the Black Scholes valuation model. Stock compensation expense is recognized in the Selling, general and administrative expense line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized stock compensation expense related to non-vested stock option arrangements totaling . The weighted average period over which the unrecognized stock compensation expense is expected to be recognized is years. 
 Certain stock options issued under the 2023 Plan are issued to individuals who are not employees of the Company and who are not providing goods or services to the Company. These options are recognized in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging as a derivative liability and marked to market at each reporting period end. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the derivative liability of stock options amounts to and , respectively, and is included within Derivative liability on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 The Company grants time-based RSUs to certain participants under the 2023 Plan that are stock-settled with UHG Class A Common Shares. As RSUs vest for employees, a portion of the award may be withheld to cover employee tax withholdings. The time-based restricted stock units granted under the 2023 Plan typically vest annually over . On February 26, 2024 the Company separately granted RSUs to certain members of the Board of Directors that immediately vested on the date of the grant. 
 Stock-based compensation expense included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for time-based restricted stock units was for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including related to the immediately vested RSUs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, stock-based compensation expense was . As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense of related to time-based restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PSUs 
 On February 16, 2024, the Company granted PSUs to certain employees. The Company granted a total of PSUs, which will vest upon the date, if any, that the volume weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock for out of the preceding consecutive trading days is greater than or equal to during the period through March 30, 2028. Certain of the PSUs are also subject to an acceleration clause in which of the grantholders PSUs may become vested and settled upon the occurrence of certain termination events. As PSUs vest for employees, a portion of the award may be withheld to cover employee tax withholdings. 
 The grant date fair value of each such PSU was , which was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation method. Stock-based compensation expense included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for PSUs was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense of related to PSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30 , 2024 
 Stock warrants 
 In January 2022, Legacy UHG granted an option to non-employee directors to purchase stock warrants for . Each warrant represents non-voting common share. The warrants are exercisable at per warrant, which represents an out-of-the-money strike price. The warrants can be exercised for years starting from July 1, 2022. Using the Black-Scholes valuation model, the Company determined the aggregate fair value of these warrants to be approximately as of the grant date. There were additional stock warrants granted, and compensation expense recorded, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 On April 28, 2023, a warrant holder of the stock warrants exercised their warrants. stock warrants were exercised in a cashless exercise whereby the Company issued UHG Class A Common Shares in accordance with the conversion terms. As of September 30, 2024, there are stock warrants outstanding. 
 Earnout Employee Optionholders 
 The Earnout Shares issuable to holders of equity stock options as of the Closing Date are accounted for as equity classified stock compensation and do not have a requisite service period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a one-time stock-based compensation expense related to the Earnout of million, which is excluded from the above stock-based compensation expense table. See Note 15 - Earnout shares for the assumptions and inputs used in the valuation of the Earnout Shares. 
 
 period after the Closing Earnout Period ), eligible GSH Equity Holders and Employee Option Holders are entitled to receive up to Earnout Shares. Additionally, and pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Sponsor surrendered DHHC Class B Shares for the contingent right to receive Earnout Shares. All Earnout Shares issuable to GSH Equity Holders, Employee Option Holders and the Sponsors are subject to the same Triggering Events (defined below). 
 On the date when the VWAP of one share of the UHG Class A Common Shares quoted on the NASDAQ has been greater than or equal to , , Triggering Event I, Triggering Event II, and Triggering Event III, respectively, and together the Triggering Events for any trading days within any consecutive trading day period within the Earnout Period, the eligible GSH Equity Holders, Employee Option Holders, and the Sponsors will receive Earnout Shares distributed on a pro-rata basis. For Triggering Event I and Triggering Event II, of Earnout Shares will be released and following the achievement of Triggering Event III, of Earnout Shares will be released. 
 There are units of account within the Earnout Shares depending on the Earnout Holder. If the Earnout Holder is either a GSH Equity Holder or Sponsor, the instrument will be accounted for as a derivative liability. If the Earnout Holder is an Employee Option Holder, the instrument will be accounted for as an equity classified award. 
 Stock Compensation Total Earnout Shares 
 As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Earnout Shares was per share issuable upon Triggering Event I, per share issuable upon Triggering Event II and per share issuable upon Triggering Event III. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 per share issuable upon Triggering Event I, per share issuable upon Triggering Event II and per share issuable upon Triggering Event III. 
 The estimated fair value of the Earnout Shares was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation using a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the Earnout Period. 
 Stock price targets , , 
 , , 
 Expected life (in years) Earnout period (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in fair value of the earnout shares resulted in a loss of million and a gain of million, primarily resulting from changes in the company's stock price. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the change in fair value of the earnout shares resulted in a gain of million and million, primarily resulting from changes in the company's stock price. 
 As none of the earnout Triggering Events have occurred as of September 30, 2024, no shares have been distributed. 
 
 of the Private Placement Warrants were forfeited. The remaining Private Placement Warrants were recognized as a liability on the Closing Date at fair value. The Private Placement Warrant liability is recognized in accordance with ASC 815 as a derivative liability and marked to market at each reporting period end. The change in fair value of the private placement warrant liability for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a loss of million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 the change in fair value resulted in a gain of million and a loss of million, respectively. These changes are included in Change in fair value of derivative liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Exercise price Expected life (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the change in fair value of the public warrant liability resulted in a gain of million and loss of million, respectively. These changes are included in Change in fair value of derivative liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, as compared to an income tax expense of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. At the end of each interim period, the Company estimates the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year and this rate is applied to the results for the year-to-date period, and then adjusted for any discrete period items. Excluding discrete items related to fair value adjustments on derivative liabilities, the Company's estimated effective tax rate as of September 30, 2024 is as compared to as of September 30, 2023. This differs from the federal statutory rate of 21.0 primarily due to state income tax expense and nondeductible expenses. 
 
 of the participant s base salary rate at and of the next for a maximum contribution of . In addition, participants become vested with respect to employer contributions after completing of service starting in 2021. Administrative costs for the plan were paid by the Company. 
 Total contributions paid to the plans for UHG s employees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were approximately , and , respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents Basic income available to common shareholders ) Effect of dilutive securities: Add back: Interest on Convertible Notes payable, net of tax Change in fair value of stock options - liability classified, net of tax ) ) ) Diluted income available to common shareholders ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible Notes Stock options - equity classified Stock options - liability classified Stock warrants Restricted stock units Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - diluted Net earnings per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 Private placement warrants Public warrants Stock options - equity classified Stock options - liability classified Restricted stock units Convertible Notes Total anti-dilutive features 
 The Company s Earnout Shares and PSUs are excluded from the anti-dilutive table above for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as the underlying shares remain contingently issuable as the Earnout Triggering Events and performance-based conditions, respectively, have not been satisfied. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 References to the Company, UHG, our, us or we refer to United Homes Group, Inc. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 UHG designs, builds and sells homes in South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia. The geographical markets in which UHG presently operates its homebuilding business are high-growth markets, with substantial in-migrations and employment growth. Prior to the Business Combination (discussed below), GSH s business historically consisted of both homebuilding operations and land development operations. In 2023, GSH separated its land development operations and homebuilding operations across separate entities in an effort to adopt best practices in the homebuilding industry associated with ownership and control of land and lots and production efficiency. Following the separation of the land development business, which is now primarily conducted by affiliated land development companies (collectively, the Land Development Affiliates that are outside of the corporate structure of UHG, it employs a land-light lot operating strategy, with a focus on the design, construction and sale of entry-level, first move-up and second move-up single-family houses. UHG principally builds detached single-family houses, and, to a lesser extent, attached single-family houses, including duplex houses and town houses. 
 UHG s pipeline currently consists of approximately 8,600 lots, which includes lots that are owned or controlled by related parties and which UHG expects to obtain the contractual right to acquire, in addition to lots that UHG may acquire from third party lot option contracts or land bank option contracts. 
 Since its founding in 2004, UHG has delivered approximately 15,000 homes and currently builds in 55 active subdivisions at prices that generally range from approximately 200,000 to approximately 600,000. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, UHG had 341 and 272 net new orders, and generated approximately 118.6 million and 87.7 million in revenue on 369 and 283 closings, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, UHG had 1048 and 1,002 net new orders, and generated approximately 328.9 million and 304.6 million in revenue on 1,017 and 996 closings, respectively. 
 UHG s strategy to grow its business is multifaceted. UHG expects to grow organically, both arising out of its historical operations and through expansion of its business verticals. UHG s business verticals positioned to further drive the Company s growth include its mortgage joint venture Homeowners Mortgage, LLC (the Joint Venture and its build-to-rent BTR platform, pursuant to which UHG will continue to work together with institutional investors for development of BTR communities. UHG expects that continued operation of the Joint Venture will add to UHG s revenue and EBITDA growth, improve buyer traffic conversion, and reduce backlog cancellation rates. In addition, UHG plans to continue to execute its external growth strategy, expanding into new markets and increasing community count via targeted acquisitions of complementary private homebuilders and homebuilding operations. 
 UHG revenues increased from approximately 87.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 118.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, UHG generated net loss of approximately 7.3 million, which included 7.8 million related to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, gross profit of 18.9 , adjusted gross profit of 20.6 , and adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.6 , representing a decrease of 158.1 million, a decrease of 0.9 , a decrease of 1.5 , and a decrease of 2.4 , respectively, from the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 UHG revenues increased from approximately 304.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 328.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, UHG generated net income of approximately 46.2 million, which included 50.7 million related to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, gross profit of 17.7 , adjusted gross profit of 20.7 , and adjusted EBITDA margin of 7.3 , representing decrease of 145.5 million, a decrease of 1.4 , a decrease of 0.5 , and a decrease of 2.7 , respectively, from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and EBITDA margin are not financial measures under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for an explanation of how UHG computes these non-GAAP financial measures and for reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 In recent years the homebuilding industry has faced headwinds due to macro-economic factors, such as rising inflation and the Federal Reserve s response of raising interest rates beginning in March 2022 and continuing through July 2023. As a result, new home demand has been negatively impacted by affordability concerns from higher mortgage rates. In response to softer demand for new homes, UHG introduced additional sales incentives, mostly in the form of buyer financing incentives such as mortgage rate buy downs, mortgage forward commitments, or cash incentives applied against closing costs. While the Federal Reserve reduced its federal funds rate in September 2024, the 10-year Treasury Yield has increased, resulting in mortgage rates remaining elevated. While UHG cannot predict the extent to which the aforementioned factors will impact its performance, it believes that its land-light business model positions it well to effectively navigate market volatility. 
 
 Business Combination 
 On March 30, 2023 (the Closing Date ), UHG consummated the previously announced business combination (the Business Combination contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2022 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among DiamondHead Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation DHHC and, after the consummation of the Business Combination, United Homes Group, Inc. UHG or the Company )), Hestia Merger Sub, Inc., a South Carolina corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of DHHC Merger Sub ), and Great Southern Homes, Inc., a South Carolina corporation GSH ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into GSH, with GSH surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination on the Closing Date, DHHC changed its name from DHHC to United Homes Group, Inc. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q to Legacy UHG refer to the homebuilding operations of GSH prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Prior to the Closing Date, Legacy UHG s historical financial records, including the historical financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of Legacy UHG were prepared on a carve-out basis in accordance with GAAP. The carve-out methodology was used since Legacy UHG s inception until the Closing date. Refer to Note 1 - Nature of operations and basis of presentation of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this quarterly report for more information on the Business Combination and Basis of Presentation. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Creekside Custom Homes Acquisition 
 On January 26, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of selected assets of Creekside Custom Homes, LLC, a South Carolina corporation Creekside (the Creekside Acquisition for 12,742,895 in cash. In the preliminary purchase allocation, UHG recognized the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as goodwill of 3,573,040. The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from expanding the Company s market presence in South Carolina and the experience and reputation of the acquired management team. The remaining basis is primarily comprised of the fair value of inventory, lot purchase agreement deposits acquired, and intangible assets of 10,478,116, 3,055,500, and 442,000 respectively, offset by 4,825,761 of liabilities acquired. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 There have been no material changes to the components of our results of operations described in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the most recent Annual Report filed with the SEC. 
 
 Results of Operations 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents summary results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount Change Change Statements of Operations Revenue, net of sales discounts 118,643,955 87,728,091 30,915,864 35.2 Cost of sales 96,260,928 70,317,796 25,943,132 37.0 Selling, general and administrative expense 18,690,057 13,629,713 5,060,344 37.5 Other expense, net (3,710,079) (1,199,140) (2,510,939) 209.4 Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture 419,312 293,923 125,389 42.7 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (7,784,965) 149,703,161 (157,488,126) (105.2) (Loss) Income before taxes (7,382,762) 152,578,526 (159,961,288) (104.8) Income tax (benefit) expense (43,527) 1,735,839 (1,779,366) (102.5) Net (loss) income (7,339,235) 150,842,687 (158,181,922) (104.8) Other Financial and Operating Data: Active communities at end of period (a) 
 55 53 2 3.8 Home closings 369 283 86 30.4 Average sales price of homes closed (b) 
 320,199 315,836 4,363 1.4 Net new orders (units) 
 341 272 69 25.4 Cancellation rate 12.8 14.7 (1.9) (12.9) Backlog 220 282 (62) (22.0) Gross profit 22,383,027 17,410,295 4,972,732 28.7 Gross profit (c) 
 18.9 19.8 (0.9) (4.5) Adjusted gross profit (d) 
 24,480,958 19,388,940 5,092,018 26.3 Adjusted gross profit (c) 
 20.6 22.1 (1.5) (6.8) EBITDA (d) 
 (1,634,820) 156,561,832 (158,196,652) (101.0) EBITDA margin (c) 
 (1.4) 178.5 (179.9) (100.8) Adjusted EBITDA (d) 
 8,978,713 8,797,192 181,521 2.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin (c) 
 7.6 10.0 (2.4) (24.0) 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) UHG had ten and six communities in closeout for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These communities are not included in the count of Active communities at end of period. 
 (b) Average sales price of homes closed, excluding the impact of percentage of completion revenues and build to rent revenues. 
 (c) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 (d) Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For definitions of adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Revenues: Revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 118.6 million, an increase of 30.9 million, or 35.2 , from 87.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to the increase in production-built home closings and an increase in average sales price of production-built homes. The increase in the number of home closings was primarily due the Company s increased sales efforts, particularly on finished inventory. T he average sales price of production-built homes closed for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 320,199 , an increase of 4,363 , or 1.4 , from the average sales price of production-built homes closed of 315,836 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 C ost of Sales and Gross Profit: Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 96.3 million , an increase of 26.0 million, or 37.0 , from 70.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase in Cost of sales was largely attributable to an increase in number of homes closed. UHG closed 369 homes during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , an increase of 86 home closings, or 30.4 , as compared to 283 homes closed during the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 22.4 million, an increase of 5.0 million, or 28.7 , from 17.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . Gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.9 , a decrease of 0.9 , as compared 19.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease is attributable to higher cost of sales due to: i) higher level of incentives; and ii) amortization of purchase price accounting adjustments related to our acquisitions, partially offset by a reduction in non-recurring remediation costs. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit: Adjusted gross profit, a non-GAAP measure, is gross profit less capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (primarily adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions), severance costs, abandoned project costs, and non-recurring remediation costs. Adjusted gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 24.5 million, an increase of 5.1 million, or 26.3 , as compared to 19.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . Adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.6 , a decrease of 1.5 , as compared to 22.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease in adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue was attributable to slightly higher costs of sales which was driven by higher incentives. Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the definition of adjusted gross profit and a reconciliation to UHG s most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense: Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.7 million, an increase of 5.1 million, or 37.5 , from 13.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to an increase of 2.1 million in salaries, wages, and related expenses due to increased headcount from acquisitions, an increase of 2.1 million in commission expense due to an increase in home closings, an increase of 0.5 million in stock compensation expense, and an increase of 0.2 million in advertising costs. 
 Other Expense, Net: Total Other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.7 million, an increase of 2.5 million, from 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Other expense, net was primarily attributable to a decrease in investment income related to lower cash balances of 0.6 million and an increase in interest expense of 1.6 million. 
 Equity in Net Earnings from Investment in Joint Venture: Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.4 million, an increase of 0.1 million, from 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities: Change in fair value of derivative liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was a loss of 7.8 million as compared to a gain of 149.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Under ASC 815, derivative liabilities are marked to market each reporting period with changes recognized as gains or losses on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The overall decrease is primarily attributable to changes in the fair value of the Earnout Shares, which fluctuates each period due to changes in the Company's stock price. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense: Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was de minimis as compared to an expense of 1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company estimates the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year and this rate is applied to the results for the year-to-date period, and then adjusted for any discrete period items. The Company's estimated annual effective tax rate for the September 30, 2024 is 17.0 as compared to 26.2 as of September 30, 2023. 
 Net (Loss) Income: Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.3 million, a decrease of 158.1 million, or 104.8 , from 150.8 million of income for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in Net income was primarily attributable to the decrease in income before taxes of 160.0 million, or 104.8 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities, partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense of 1.8 million, during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net New Orders: Net new orders for a period is gross sales of homes less any customer cancellations received during the same period. Sales are recognized when a customer signs a contract and UHG approves such contract . Net new orders for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 341 units, an increase of 69 units, or 25.4 , from 272 units for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Cancellation Rate: The cancellation rate is the total cancellations during the period divided by the total number of new sales for homes during the period. The cancellation rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.8 , a decrease of 1.9 , from 14.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog: Backlog consists of homes sold but not yet closed with customers. Backlog represents the number of homes in backlog from the previous period plus sales of homes during the current period less cancellations of existing sales contracts and home closings during the current period. A portion of the homes in backlog will not result in homes delivered due to cancellations. Backlog for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 220 units, a decrease of 62 units , or 22.0 , from 282 units for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table presents summary results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount Change Change Statements of Operations Revenue, net of sales discounts 328,902,237 304,646,422 24,255,815 8.0 Cost of sales 270,847,467 246,540,874 24,306,593 9.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 55,358,040 46,652,432 8,705,608 18.6 Other expense, net (9,255,039) (3,291,755) (5,963,284) 181.8 Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture 1,075,983 930,405 145,578 15.6 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 50,650,309 184,981,652 (134,331,343) (72.6) Income before taxes 45,167,983 194,073,418 (148,905,435) (76.7) Income tax (benefit) expense (1,071,039) 2,372,300 (3,443,339) (145.1) Net income 46,239,022 191,701,118 (145,462,096) (75.9) Other Financial and Operating Data: Active communities at end of period (a) 
 55 53 2 3.8 Home closings 1,017 996 21 2.1 Average sales price of homes closed (b) 
 331,111 314,232 16,879 5.4 Net new orders (units) 1,048 1,002 46 4.6 Cancellation rate 11.6 14.6 (3.0) (20.5) Backlog 220 282 (62) (22.0) Gross profit 58,054,770 58,105,548 (50,778) (0.1) Gross profit (c) 
 17.7 19.1 (1.4) (7.3) Adjusted gross profit (d) 
 67,939,944 64,630,992 3,308,952 5.1 Adjusted gross profit (c) 
 20.7 21.2 (0.5) (2.4) EBITDA (d) 
 62,858,105 206,490,991 (143,632,886) (69.6) EBITDA margin (c) 
 19.1 67.8 (48.7) (71.8) Adjusted EBITDA (d) 
 23,922,370 30,423,664 (6,501,294) (21.4) Adjusted EBITDA margin (c) 
 7.3 10.0 (2.7) (27.0) 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) UHG had ten and six communities in closeout for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These communities are not included in the count of Active communities at end of period. 
 (b) Average sales price of homes closed, excluding the impact of percentage of completion revenues and build to rent revenues. 
 (c) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 (d) Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. For definitions of adjusted gross profit, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see UHG s Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Revenues: Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 328.9 million, an increase of 24.3 million, or 8.0 , from 304.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to the increase in production-built home closings and an increase in average sales price of production-built homes. The increase in the number of home closings was due to the Company s increased sales efforts in the third quarter, particularly on finished inventory. T he average sales price of production-built homes closed for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 331,111 , an increase of 16,879 , or 5.4 , from the average sales price of 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 production-built homes closed of 314,232 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase is primarily attributable to the product mix from acquisitions. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Profit: Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 270.8 million, an increase of 24.3 million, or 9.9 , from 246.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Cost of sales was largely attributable to an increase in incentives, primarily in the form of mortgage rate buydowns and closing costs, coupled with more home closings. UHG closed 1,017 homes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 21 home closings, or 2.1 , as compared to 996 homes closed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was consistent at 58.1 million. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.7 , a decrease of 1.4 , as compared 19.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is attributable to higher cost of sales due to: i) higher level of incentives, ii) amortization of purchase price accounting adjustments related to our acquisitions; iii) certain non-recurring costs, such as severance costs from the June 2024 workforce reduction and abandoned project costs; and iv) higher interest expense in cost of sales. 
 Adjusted Gross Profit: Adjusted gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 67.9 million, an increase of 3.3 million, or 5.1 , as compared to 64.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 20.7 , a decrease of 0.5 , as compared to 21.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in adjusted gross profit as a percentage of revenue was attributable to higher costs of sales which was driven by higher incentives. Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure. For the definition of adjusted gross profit and a reconciliation to UHG s most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense: Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 55.4 million, an increase of 8.7 million, or 18.6 , from 46.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to an increase of 3.3 million in salaries, wages, and related expenses due to increased headcount from public company executives and acquisitions, an increase of 2.4 million in commission expense due to an increase in home closings, an increase of 1.2 million related to severance costs associated with the June 2024 workforce reduction, an increase of 0.9 million in public company expenses to support the Company s growth and meet the regulatory standards of a public company, and an increase of 0.8 million in advertising costs. 
 Other Expense, Net: Total other expense, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 9.3 million of expense, an increase of 6.0 million, or 181.8 , from 3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 6.0 million in other expense, net was primarily attributable to an increase in interest expense of 3.9 million partially from the issuance of the Convertible Notes in March 2023 and a decrease in investment and rebate income of 1.7 million primarily from lower cash balances. 
 Equity in Net Earnings from Investment in Joint Venture: Equity in net earnings from investment in joint venture for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.1 million , an increase of 0.2 million , from 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities: Change in fair value of derivative liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a gain of 50.7 million as compared to 185.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Under ASC 815, derivative liabilities are marked to market each reporting period with changes recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The overall increase is primarily attributable to changes in the fair value of the Earnout Shares, which fluctuates each period due to changes in the Company's stock price. 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Expense: Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.1 million as compared to an expense of 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company estimates the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year and this rate is applied to the results for the year-to-date period, and then adjusted for any discrete period items. The Company's estimated annual effective tax rate for the September 30, 2024 is 17.0 as compared to 26.2 as of September 30, 2023. 
 Net Income: Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 46.2 million, a decrease of 145.5 million, or 75.9 , from 191.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in Net income was primarily attributable to the decrease in income before taxes of 148.9 million, or 76.7 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is primarily attributable to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities and an increase in selling, general, and administrative expense, partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense of 3.4 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Net New Orders: Net new orders for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,048 units, an increase of 46 units, or 4.6 , from 1,002 units for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 Cancellation Rate: The c ancellation rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.6 , a decrease of 3.0 , from 14.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted Gross Profit 
 Adjusted gross profit is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management of the Company as a supplemental measure in evaluating operating performance. The Company defines adjusted gross profit as gross profit excluding the effects of capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (primarily adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions), severance expense in cost of sales, abandoned project costs, and non-recurring remediation costs. The Company s management believes this information is meaningful because it separates the impact that capitalized interest and non-recurring costs directly expensed in cost of sales have on gross profit to provide a more specific measurement of the Company s gross profits. However, because adjusted gross profit information excludes certain balances expensed in cost of sales, which have real economic effects and could impact the Company s results of operations, the utility of adjusted gross profit information as a measure of the Company s operating performance may be limited. Other companies may not calculate adjusted gross profit information in the same manner that the Company does. Accordingly, adjusted gross profit information should be considered only as a supplement to gross profit information as a measure of the Company s performance. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted gross profit to the GAAP financial measure of gross profit for each of the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue, net of sales discounts 118,643,955 87,728,091 328,902,237 304,646,422 Cost of sales 96,260,928 70,317,796 270,847,467 246,540,874 Gross profit 22,383,027 17,410,295 58,054,770 58,105,548 Interest expense in cost of sales 1,524,748 1,531,318 6,696,856 6,078,117 Amortization in homebuilding cost of sales (a) 
 573,183 2,434,356 Severance expense in cost of sales 324,540 Abandoned project costs 320,000 Non-recurring remediation costs 447,327 109,422 447,327 Adjusted gross profit 24,480,958 19,388,940 67,939,944 64,630,992 Gross profit (b) 
 18.9 19.8 17.7 19.1 Adjusted gross profit (b) 
 20.6 22.1 20.7 21.2 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) Represents expense recognized resulting from purchase accounting adjustments 
 (b) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management of the Company. The Company defines EBITDA as net income before (i) capitalized interest expensed in cost of sales, (ii) interest expensed in other (expense) income, net, (iii) depreciation and amortization, and (iv) taxes. The Company defines adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before stock-based compensation expense, transaction cost expense, severance expense, abandoned project costs, non-recurring remediation costs, amortization included in homebuilding cost of sales (adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions), change in fair value of derivative liabilities, and non-recurring loss on disposal of leasehold improvements. Management of the Company believes EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are useful because they provide a more effective evaluation of UHG s operating performance and allow comparison of UHG s results of operations from period to period without regard to UHG s financing methods or capital structure or other items that impact comparability of financial results from period to period such as fluctuations in interest expense or effective tax rates, levels of depreciation or amortization, or unusual items. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as alternatives 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 to, or more meaningful than, net income or any other measure as determined in accordance with GAAP. UHG s computations of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA of other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA to the GAAP financial measure of net income for each of the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (7,339,235) 150,842,687 46,239,022 191,701,118 Interest expense in cost of sales 1,524,748 1,531,318 6,696,856 6,078,117 Interest expense in other expense, net 3,649,305 2,039,512 9,369,598 5,458,821 Depreciation and amortization 522,483 381,917 1,448,777 848,693 Taxes 7,879 1,766,398 (896,148) 2,404,242 EBITDA (1,634,820) 156,561,832 62,858,105 206,490,991 Stock-based compensation expense 1,567,945 1,106,014 4,918,036 6,015,700 Transaction cost expense 687,440 385,180 2,428,344 2,451,298 Severance expense 1,504,416 Abandoned project costs 320,000 Non-recurring remediation costs 447,327 109,422 447,327 Amortization in homebuilding cost of sales (b) 
 573,183 2,434,356 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 7,784,965 (149,703,161) (50,650,309) (184,981,652) Adjusted EBITDA 8,978,713 8,797,192 23,922,370 30,423,664 EBITDA margin (a) 
 (1.4) 178.5 19.1 67.8 Adjusted EBITDA margin (a) 
 7.6 10.0 7.3 10.0 
 ______________________________ 
 (a) Calculated as a percentage of revenue 
 (b) Represents expense recognized resulting from purchase accounting adjustment 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 UHG funds its operations from its current cash holdings and cash flows generated by operating activities, as well as borrowings under the revolving credit facility Syndicated Line ), as further described below. As of September 30, 2024, UHG had approximately 25.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 30.9 million, from 56.7 million as of December 31, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , UHG had approximately 63.2 million , and 24.4 million, respectively, in unused committed capacity under its revolving lines of credit, respectively. 
 As of the Closing Date, UHG received net proceeds from the Business Combination and the PIPE investments PIPE Investments of approximately 94.4 million. UHG has used proceeds received from the Business Combination and the PIPE Investments for general corporate purposes, including corporate operating expenses and for the acquisitions of homebuilders which closed in 2023 and January of 2024. UHG believes that its current cash holdings including proceeds from the Business Combination and PIPE Investments, as well as cash generated from continuing operations, cash available under the Syndicated Line and cash obtained from land banking arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy its short term and long term cash requirements for working capital to support its daily operations, meet current commitments under its contractual obligations, and support the potential acquisition of complementary businesses. 
 Cash flows generated by UHG s projects can differ materially in timing from its results of operations, as these depend upon the stage in the life cycle of each project. UHG generally relies upon its revolving lines of credit to fund building costs, and timing of draws is such that UHG may from time to time be in receipt of funds from the Syndicated Line in advance of such funds being utilized. UHG is generally required to make significant cash outlays at the beginning of a project related to lot purchases, permitting, and construction of homes, as well as ongoing property taxes. These costs are capitalized within UHG s real estate inventory and are not recognized in its operating income until a home sale closes. As a result, UHG incurs significant cash outflows prior to the recognition of associated earnings. In later stages of projects, cash inflows could exceed UHG s results of operations, as the cash outflows associated with land purchase and home construction and other expenses were previously incurred. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s strategy is to acquire developed lots through unrelated and related third party land developers and land bank partners pursuant to lot purchase agreements and land banking arrangements. When entering into these contracts, the Company agrees to purchase finished lots at predetermined prices, time frames, and quantities that match expected selling pace in the community. Most lot purchase agreements require the Company to pay a nonrefundable cash deposit of approximately 15 - 20 of the agreed-upon fixed purchase price of the developed lots. Refer to Note 10 - Lot deposits of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements for additional information. 
 Capital Resources 
 The Syndicated Line 
 The Syndicated Line provides for an aggregate commitment of up to 220.0 million, of which the Company had outstanding borrowings of 72.2 million as of September 30, 2024. The Syndicated Line also includes a 2.0 million letter of credit sub-facility under the same terms and conditions. The Company had 63.2 million of availability under the Syndicated Line, based on its borrowing base of 135.4 million. The borrowing base up to the aggregate commitment generates availability in accordance with the value of the collateral at a given point. The availability under the Syndicated Line, which impacts total liquidity, is reduced by outstanding letters of credit that are not fully cash collateralized. As of September 30, 2024, the Syndicated Line had a weighted average interest rate of 8.52 and will mature on August 2, 2027 except with respect to two non-extending lenders which represent 73.3 million of the committed amount and will mature August 10, 2026. 
 The Syndicated Line contains various customary representations, warranties by us and covenants that are described in Note 8 - Homebuilding debt and other affiliate debt of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants set forth in the Syndicated Line. 
 Other Homebuilding Debt 
 As a result of the Creekside acquisition, the Company assumed a series of construction loans with a financial institution. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company settled the remaining construction loans with the financial institution and did not recognize a gain or loss on extinguishment of debt as part of the transaction. 
 The Company had other borrowings with private investors totaling zero and 3.3 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which are comprised of other notes payable and mortgage loans acquired in the normal course of business. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company settled the remaining private investor debt and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt amounting to 0.1 million. 
 Convertible Notes 
 The Company entered into a Convertible Notes Agreement in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. The Notes have an outstanding balance of 69.6 million and 68.0 million, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and mature on March 30, 2028. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 15 . Future interest payments on the remaining outstanding Notes totaled approximately 53.2 million, with approximately 14.5 million due within the next twelve months. Refer to Note 13 - Convertible Notes payable of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 Leases 
 The Company leases several office spaces in South Carolina under operating lease agreements with related parties, and one office space in North Carolina with a third party. The office leases have a remaining lease term of up to five years, some of which include options to extend on a month-to-month basis, and some of which include options to terminate the lease. These options are excluded from the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability until it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. As of September 30, 2024 , the future minimum lease payments required under these leases totaled 3.1 million , with 0.9 million payable within the next twelve months . Further information regarding Company s leases is provided in Note 12 - Commitments and contingencies of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes UHG s cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities (11,960,320) 45,488,584 Net cash flows used in investing activities (12,716,435) (2,097,455) Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities (6,176,560) 25,613,741 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.0 million, as compared to cash flows provided of 45.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The difference in cash flows period over period is a decrease of 57.5 million. T his change is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash provided by net income adjusted for non-cash transactions of 11.5 million and an increase in cash used by a change in accounts payable of 20.6 million, a decrease in cash provided by inventory of 31.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in cash used by other accrued expenses and liabilities of 4.6 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for t he nine months ended September 30, 2024 was attributable to cash paid to acquire the homebuilding assets of Creekside Custom Homes of 12.7 million. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was attributable to cash paid to acquire certain assets of Herring Homes of 2.2 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.2 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 25.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The difference in cash flows period over period is 31.8 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 cash flows used in financing activities was primarily attributable to repayment of homebuilding debt and land banking arrangements of 79.2 million, partially offset by proceeds from homebuilding debt and land banking arrangements, net of debt issuance costs, of 73.0 million. In contrast, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , cash flows provided by financing activities included cash received of 94.4 million as a result of the Business Combination, PIPE, and recapitalization transactions, partially offset by the net repayment of homebuilding debt of 50.7 million and distributions and net transfers to shareholders and Other Affiliates of 17.9 million. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes to the Company s critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to those disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, aside from those included below. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has four types of stock-based compensation outstanding: stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance-based restricted stock units PSUs with a market condition and stock warrants. Stock option, RSU, and PSU awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award from the date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of the grant. For grants that include graded vesting and either a market or performance condition, the Company utilizes the graded vesting method to recognize compensation expense. The Company accounts for forfeitures when they occur. The Company s stock warrant awards do not contain a service condition and are expensed on the grant date. 
 The fair value of stock option awards, granted or modified, is determined on the grant date (or modification or acquisition dates, if applicable) at fair value, using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The fair value and requisite service period of PSU awards with a market condition are determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. These models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the option's expected term and stock price volatility. The grant date fair value of the RSUs is the closing price of UHG s common stock on the date of the grant. Refer to Note 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 14 - Stock-based compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for additional information. 
 Real Estate Inventory Not Owned 
 In limited circumstances, the Company may transfer developed lots it owns to a land banker and simultaneously enter into an option contract to repurchase those lots. In this instance, consistent with ASC 606, the Company is required to continue recognizing the finished lots sold on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as the transaction is accounted for as a financing arrangement rather than a sale. At the time the Company sells finished lots to the land banker and simultaneously enters into option contracts to repurchase those finished lots, the net cash received by the land banker represents approximately 80 of the carrying value of the associated finished lots. In these circumstances, management determined it holds a variable interest in the land banker through its potential to absorb some of the third-party s first dollar risk of loss by not receiving an amount equal to or greater than the value of the associated finished lots the Company continues to recognize on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as Real estate inventory not owned. Management determined that the land banker is a VIE, however, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE as it does not have the power to direct the VIE s significant activities related to land development. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Land-Light Acquisition Strategy 
 The Company s land-light strategy is accomplished in two ways - lot option contracts with unrelated third party and related party land developers and land bank option contracts. These option contracts grant the right, but not the obligation, to purchase land or lots at a future point in time at predetermined prices from various land developers and land bank partners. The Company has the right to cancel or terminate the option contracts at any time for any reason. The legal obligation and economic loss resulting from a cancellation or termination is limited to the amount of the deposits paid pursuant to such option contracts as well as capitalized pre-acquisition costs such as lot option fees paid to the land bank partner. In certain circumstances, the Company may have a completion obligation under development agreements with land bankers where the Company may be at-risk for certain cost overruns. 
 UHG s pipeline currently consists of approximately 8,600 lots, which includes lots that are owned or controlled by related parties, and which UHG expects to obtain the contractual right to acquire, in addition to lots that UHG may acquire from third party lot option contracts or land bank option contracts. The risk of loss pertaining to the aggregate purchase price of contractual commitments resulting from non-performance under finished lot purchase agreements is limited to approximately 45.7 million in Lot deposits and 2.9 million of capitalized pre-acquisition costs in Inventories as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 UHG s operations are interest rate sensitive. As overall housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates, a significant increase in interest rates may negatively affect the ability of homebuyers to secure adequate financing. Higher interest rates could adversely affect UHG s revenues, gross profits and net income. 
 UHG is subject to market risk on its debt instruments primarily due to fluctuations in interest rates. UHG utilizes both fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. For fixed-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt instrument but not earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable-rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not impact the fair value of the debt instrument, but may affect the Company s future earnings and cash flows. UHG has not entered into, nor does it intend to enter into in the future, derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes or to hedge against interest rate fluctuations. 
 The interest rate on the borrowings under the Syndicated Line is based upon adjusted daily simple SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging between 275 basis points and 350 basis points, based upon UHG s leverage ratio. Therefore, UHG is exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on its outstanding debt under the Syndicated Line. As of September 30, 2024, UHG had 72.2 million outstanding under the Syndicated Line, which carried a weighted average interest rate of 8.52 . A 100 basis point increase in overall interest rates would negatively affect the Company s net income by approximately 0.7 million. 
 The fair value of the outstanding Notes is subject to market risk and other factors due to the convertible features. The Notes are convertible at the holder s option into UHG Class A Common Shares at any time after March 30, 2024 through March 30, 2028, at 5.58 per share. Going forward, the fair value of the Notes will generally increase as the common stock price increases and will generally decrease as the common stock price declines in value. The Notes are carried at amortized cost and the fair value is presented for disclosure purposes only. The interest and market value changes 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 affect the fair value of the Notes, but do not impact UHG s financial position, cash flows, or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 A company s internal controls over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2023, UHG identified material weaknesses in its internal controls in the following areas: ineffective tax review controls; lack of second level reviews in business processes; lack of formal control review and documentation required by COSO principles; ineffective Information Technology General Controls ITGCs related to certain systems, applications, and tools used for financial reporting; and the Company did not establish effective user access and segregation of duties controls across financially relevant functions. During 2024 UHG identified a new material weakness around the timely execution of a related party lease transaction upon approval by the Related Party Transactions Committee. 
 Each of the material weaknesses described above involve control deficiencies that could result in a misstatement of one or more account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatements to the UHG financial statements that would not be prevented or detected, and, accordingly, it has determined that these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses. 
 UHG is currently in the process of implementing measures and has taken the below steps to address the underlying causes of these material weaknesses and the control deficiencies. 
 reviewing and enhancing its system of internal controls across all departments to ensure that financial statement line items and disclosures are addressed by sufficiently precise controls; 
 continuing to enhance the adoption of the COSO framework in order to develop and deploy control activities and assess the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting; 
 assessing and updating its internal controls related to the financial statement review process, including review controls over manual journal entries and account reconciliations; 
 evaluating and improving IT general controls over information systems relevant to financial reporting, including privileged access and segregation of duties; 
 realigning existing personnel and adding both internal and external personnel to strengthen management s review and documentation over internal control over financial reporting; 
 implementing a more thorough second level review process over the tax provision; and 
 ensuring timely execution of related party transactions upon approval from the Related Party Transactions Committee. 
 UHG will continue to review and improve its internal controls over financial reporting to address the underlying causes of the material weaknesses and control deficiencies. Such material weaknesses and control deficiencies will not be remediated until UHG s remediation plan has been fully implemented, and it has concluded that its internal controls are operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. 
 UHG cannot be certain that the steps it is taking will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to its material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting or prevent future material weaknesses or control deficiencies from occurring. In addition, UHG cannot be certain that it has identified all material weaknesses and control deficiencies in its internal control over financial reporting or that in the future it will not have additional material weaknesses or control deficiencies in its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the efforts to begin remediating the material weaknesses described above, there were no changes during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 in UHG s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to material affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Reference is made to Note 12 - Commitments and contingencies , incorporated herein by reference, to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 (a) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no unregistered sales of our securities that were not reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) . 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits required to be filed with this report are set forth on the Exhibit Index hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The following exhibits are included in this report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated September 10, 2022, by and between DiamondHead Holdings Corp., Merger Sub and Great Southern Homes, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on February 9, 2023) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of United Homes Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 5, 2023) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of United Homes Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company and DiamondHead Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2021) 
 4.2 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Conversant Opportunity Master Fund LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 4.3 Senior Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 30, 2023, by and between the Company and Dendur Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 28, 2023) 
 10.1 Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of August 2, 2024, among United Homes Group, Inc., Great Southern Homes, Inc., Rosewood Communities, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ______________________________ Filed or furnished herewith. 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to the Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 
 Certain instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the company and its consolidated subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Upon request, the company agrees to furnish to the SEC copies of such instruments. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 UNITED HOMES GROUP, INC. (Registrant) Dated: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 uhg-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James M. Pirrello, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of United Homes Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s James M. Pirrello James M. Pirrello Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 uhg-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Keith Feldman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of United Homes Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 uhg-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of United Homes Group, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James M. Pirrello, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s James M. Pirrello James M. Pirrello Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 uhg-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of United Homes Group, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keith Feldman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Keith Feldman Keith Feldman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 uhg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 uhg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 uhg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 uhg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 uhg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

