<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1823584_0001493152-24-044735.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5538803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83288</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1105974</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1492576</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1304369</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1434912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-044735.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112160146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-044735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLIANCE ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823584
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DURABLE GOODS, NEC [5099]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				852373325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40014
		FILM NUMBER:		241447780

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 PETERS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 255-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 PETERS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adara Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alliance Entertainment Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adara Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200903

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-044735.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 12, 2024, shares of Class A common stock, par value per share and contingent 1 
shares of Class E common stock, par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

1
 The 60 million Class E shares are set aside in an escrow account as additional consideration contingent on triggering events
occurring within 10 years after the Merger 

ALLIANCE
ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and June 30, 2024 
 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 30 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 31 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 32 

i 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ALLIANCE
ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Trade Receivables, Net 

Inventory, Net 

Other Current Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, Net 

Other Long-Term Assets 

Deferred Tax Asset, Net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Current Portion of Operating Lease Obligations 

Current Portion of Finance Lease Obligations 

Contingent Liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Revolving Credit Facility, Net 

Finance Lease Obligation, Non- Current 

Operating Lease Obligations, Non-Current 

Shareholder Loan (subordinated), Non-Current 

Warrant Liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock: Par Value per share, Authorized shares, Issued and Outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024 

Common Stock: Par Value per share, Authorized shares at September 30, 2024, and at June 30, 2024; Issued and Outstanding Shares as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024 

Paid In Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Retained Earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

ALLIANCE
ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 
 in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Revenues 

Cost of Revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) 

Operating Expenses 

Distribution and Fulfillment Expense 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Restructuring Cost 

Gain on Disposal of Fixed Assets 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Other Expenses 

Interest Expense, Net 

Total Other Expenses 

Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 

Income Tax Benefit 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) per Share Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Alliance
Entertainment Holding Corporation 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 Three
Months Ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Common Stock Shares 
 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Retained 

in thousands) 
 Issued 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balances at June 30, 2024 

Net Income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances at September 30, 2024 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Alliance
Entertainment Holding Corporation 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 Three
Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Common Stock Shares 
 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Retained 

in thousands) 
 Issued 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 (Loss) 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Balances at June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Issuance of Common Stock, net of transaction cost of million 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 

Net loss 

Net Income (Loss) 

Balances at September 30, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

ALLIANCE
ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 
 in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Depreciation of Property and Equipment 

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Amortization of Deferred Financing Costs (Included in Interest) 

Bad Debt Expense 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 

Gain on Disposal of Fixed Assets 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities, Net of Acquisitions 

Trade Receivables 

Inventory 

Income Taxes Payable\Receivable 

Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets 

Operating Lease Obligations 

Other Assets 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Capital Expenditures 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on Revolving Credit Facility 

Borrowings on Revolving Credit Facility 

Proceeds from Shareholder Note (Subordinated), Current 

Payments on Shareholder Note (Subordinated), Current 

Issuance of common stock, net of transaction costs 

Payments on Financing Leases 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase in Cash 

Net Effect of Currency Translation on Cash 

Cash, Beginning of the Period 

Cash, End of the Period 

Supplemental disclosure for Cash Flow Information 

Cash Paid for Interest 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes 

Supplemental Disclosure for Non-Cash Investing Activities 

Fixed Asset Financed with Debt 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

 Table of Contents 

ALLIANCE
ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

shares of Class A common stock of Adara to holders of common stock
of Legacy Alliance and (ii) shares of Class E common stock of Adara to the Legacy Alliance stockholders were placed in an
escrow account to be released to such Legacy Alliance stockholders and converted into Class A common stock upon the occurrence of certain
triggering events. 

Consolidated
financial statements are presented for Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation and business operations are conducted through seven
subsidiaries. The Company s corporate offices are headquartered in Plantation, FL, with primary warehouse facilities located in
Shepherdsville, KY and Shakopee, MN. 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. All material intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAP for interim financial statements. Accordingly, the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include certain information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals
and adjustments) which are necessary in order to state fairly the Company s results of operations, financial position, stockholders 
equity and cash flows as of and for the periods presented. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for the full year or any other future period. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and related notes, including the Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed September 20, 2024. June 30, 2024,
balance sheet information contained herein was derived from the Company s audited consolidated financial statements as of that
date included therein. 

Significant
estimates inherent in the preparation of the accompanying condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements include management s
estimates of sales returns, warrants fair value, rebates, inventory valuation, and inventory recoverability. On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates its estimates compared to historical experience and trends, which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value
of assets and liabilities. 

million credit facility, replacing the Revolver (see Note 8). Additionally,
the Company has implemented certain strategic initiatives to reduce expenses and focus on the sale of higher margin products. As a result
of the new credit facility, combined with these initiatives and the Company s financial performance for the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company has concluded that it has sufficient cash to fund its operations and obligations (from its cash on hand,
operations, working capital and availability on the credit facility) for at least twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Customer #2 

Customer #3 

Receivables 
 September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Customer #1 

Customer #2 
 - 

Less than 10 

Suppliers: 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 
 Purchases 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Supplier #1 

Supplier #2 

Supplier #3 

Payables 
 September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Supplier #1 

Supplier #2 
 - 

Supplier #3 
 - 

Accounting
Pronouncements 

Earnings
per Share 

Basic
Earnings Per Share EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS takes into account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue shares, such as stock options, warrants, and unvested restricted stock units, were exercised and converted into common shares
and the impact would not be antidilutive. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted
average shares outstanding during the period, increased by the number of additional shares that would have been outstanding if the potential
shares had been issued and were dilutive. Contingently issuable shares are included in basic net loss per share only when there is no
circumstance under which those shares would not be issued. 

As
a result of the Merger (see Note 16), the Company has retroactively adjusted the weighted average shares outstanding prior to February
10, 2023, to give effect to the Exchange Ratio used to determine the number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which they were converted. 

Basic and diluted shares 

Weighted-average Class A Common Stock outstanding (basic) 

Weighted-average Class A Common Stock outstanding (diluted) 

Earnings (Loss) per share for Class A Common Stock 

Basic and Diluted 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 there are shares
of contingently issuable Class A Common Stock that were not included in the computation of basic or diluted earnings (loss) per
share since the contingencies for the issuance of these shares have not been met and warrants
outstanding shares have been excluded from diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive. For the three months ending
September 30, 2023, 
restricted shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. 

Less: 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

Sales Returns Reserve, Net 

Customer Rebate and Discount Reserve 

Total Allowances 

Trade Receivables, Net 

Less: Reserves 

Inventory, Net 

Prepaid Insurance 

Prepaid Acquisitions 
 - 

Prepaid Catalogs 

Prepaid Manufacturing Components 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid Maintenance 

Prepaid Inventory 

Prepaid Shipping Supplies 

Total Other Assets Current 

Other Long-Term Assets 

Deposits 

Income tax receivable 

Total Other Long-Term Assets 

Machinery and Equipment 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Capitalized Software 

Equipment Under Capital Leases 

Computer Equipment 

Property and Equipment,
 Gross 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 

Total Property and Equipment, Net 

Depreciation
Expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

Additions from business acquisition 

Goodwill, end of period 

Mecca Customer Relationships 

Customer List 

Total 

During
the three months ending September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recorded amortization expense of and million respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total Expected Amortization 

Payroll and Payroll Tax Accruals 

Accruals for Other Expenses 

Total Accrued Expenses 

for unused credit line with fees for the
three months ending September 30, 2023, of million. Availability at September 30, 2023, was approximately million with an outstanding
revolver balance of million. As of September 30, 2023, the effective interest rate was (SOFR plus a spread of 

On
December 21, 2023, the Company entered into a new credit facility with White Oak Commercial Finance, LLC, which will mature on . The facility a million asset-based revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). Borrowings
under the Revolving Credit facility bear interest at the 30-day SOFR rate, subject to a floor of , plus a margin ranging from 
to , depending on the Company s utilization and consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, the effective
interest rate was . 

If
the Company reduces or terminates the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility before its maturity, it will incur an early termination
fee of if done before December 21, 2024, or if done between December 21, 2024, and August 21, 2025. Additionally, if the facility
is reduced or terminated on or before June 21, 2025, the Company is required to pay a minimum interest amount of of revolver minimum
based on million until December 2024. 

Availability
under the Revolving Credit Facility is determined by the Company s borrowing base calculation, as defined in the credit agreement
relating to this facility. The Company also incurs a commitment fee of on unused credit line with fees for three months ending
September 30, 2024, of million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million in available credit, with an
outstanding balance of million. 

The
maximum borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are determined by a formula based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory,
subject to lender discretion. The facility includes standard representations and warranties, events of default, and financial reporting
requirements, including maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 
 to 
 on a trailing twelve-month basis. The
facility also imposes covenants restricting the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, pay dividends,
make unpermitted investments, or materially change its business operations. The facility is secured by a first-priority security interest
in the Company s and its subsidiaries cash, accounts receivable, and related assets. 

Less: Deferred Finance Costs 

Revolving Credit Facility, Net 

During
the three months ending September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company had interest expenses of million and million, amortization
of deferred finance costs of million and million, and unused credit line fees of million and million, respectively. 

per individual occurrence, at which time a stop loss policy covers the balance of covered claims. The Company contributes
various percentages to different levels of premium coverage. As of September 30, 2024, the Company fully accrued for estimated run out
exposure on a mature claim basis, as provided and calculated by our plan administrator. 

The
Dental insurance HMO is self-insured to a maximum per individual procedure based on a published schedule which measures exposure. The
PPO policy is fully insured. The Company contributes various percentages to different levels of premium coverage. As of September 30,
2024, the Company was fully accrued for estimated run out exposure on a mature claim basis, as provided and calculated by the plan administrator.
The vision plan, life insurance plan, and short and long-term disability plans are fully insured, sponsored by the Company and premiums
are paid by the employer and employee based on various Board approved schedules. At September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, the accrued
estimated run out exposure totaled approximately and , respectively, for the medical and dental insurance plans. Accrued
estimated runout exposure is included in accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

401(k)
Plan 

The
Company has the Alliance Entertainment 401(k) Plan (the Plan) covering all eligible employees of the Company. All employees over the
age of 18 are eligible to participate in the Plan at the beginning of the month following the date of hire. The Plan has an automatic
deferral at the beginning of the month following the date of hire. Employees are automatically enrolled in the Plan with a contribution;
however, they have the option to increase/decrease their deferrals or opt out of the Plan at any time. The Company currently offers a
match contribution of of every dollar up to of contribution percentage. The Company conducts a retirement plan review on an
annual basis. 

and for the three months ending September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. State tax rates vary among
states and average approximately although some state rates are higher, and a small number of states do not impose an income tax. 

The
federal statutory tax rate is and the average state tax rate, net of the associated federal deduction is approximately . For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the federal statutory
rate primarily resulted from state income taxes, Foreign Derived intangible income, and one discrete item from a one-time adjustment
for out of measurement period adjustment to the deferred tax liability for software costs. 

On
March 31, 2023, a class action complaint, titled Matthew McKnight v. Alliance Entertainment Holding Corp. f/k/a Adara Acquisition
Corp., Adara Sponsor LLC, Thomas Finke, Paul G. Porter, Beatriz Acevedo-Greiff, W. Tom Donaldson III, Dylan Glenn, and Frank Quintero ,
was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against our pre-Business Combination board of directors and executive officers and Adara
Sponsor LLC, alleging breaches of fiduciary duties by purportedly failing to disclose certain information in connection with the Business
Combination and by approving the Business Combination. On August 8, 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement regarding pending
litigation. A settlement hearing is scheduled for November 25, 2024. The Company has accrued as of September 30, 2024, and June
30, 2024, respectively, based on the expected loss. 

On
June 6, 2024, Office Create Corporation filed a complaint against COKeM International Ltd. COKeM in the United
States District Court for the District of Minnesota alleging contributory trademark infringement, contributory false designation of
origin and unjust enrichment relating to COKeM s [alleged] distribution of a specific video game, Cooking Mama: Cookstar. The
plaintiff is seeking damages of no less than ,
plus interest of 
accruing from October 3, 2022. On August 29, 2024, COKeM filed a response denying all allegations. COKeM intends to vigorously
defend the lawsuit. On September 12, 2024, COKeM filed a Third-Party Complaint against Planet Entertainment LLC and Steven Grossman
asserting claims for indemnification and contribution. At this time, we are unable to estimate potential losses, if any, related to
this lawsuit. 

On
August 8, 2024, a class action complaint, Feller v. Alliance Entertainment, LLC and DirectToU, LLC , was filed under the Video
Privacy Protection Act VPPA ). The complaint alleges that the Company violated the VPPA by disclosing users personally
identifiable information, as well as information regarding videos they viewed on the Company s website, to Facebook through the
use of Facebook Pixel. The Company is evaluating the claims and intends to defend against the allegations vigorously. At this time, the
potential outcome or range of financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated. 

and
 million, respectively, recorded as net revenues in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

MVP
Logistics, LLC 

MVP
Logistics is an independent contractor, which, prior to August 31, 2023, was partially owned by Joe Rehak, the SVP of Operations of COKeM
International Limited, which Alliance acquired in September 2020. Subsequent to August 31, 2023, Mr. Rehak no longer has an equity stake
in MVP Logistics and retired from COKeM in January 2024. Alliance believes the amounts payable to MVP Logistics are at fair market value 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 Alliance incurred costs with MVP Logistics, LLC, in the amount of and million,
respectively, recorded as cost of revenues in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations, for freight shipping fees,
transportation costs, warehouse distribution, and 3PL management services (for Arcades) at the Redlands, California and South Gates,
California distribution facilities. 

Ogilvie
Loans 

On
July 3, 2023, the Company entered into a million line of credit (the Ogilvie Loan with Bruce Ogilvie, a principal
stockholder. Initial borrowings amounted to million on that date, followed by an additional million on July 10, 2023. These sums
were repaid on July 26, 2023. Subsequently, on August 10, 2023, the Company accessed the Ogilvie Loan for the full million, repaying
 million on August 28, 2023. Further transactions occurred on September 14th, with a borrowing of million, repaid on September 28,
2023. On October 10, 2023, an additional million was borrowed and repaid on October 18th, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, and June
30, 2024, the outstanding balance on the Ogilvie Loan stood at million. 

The
Ogilvie Loan matures on , and bears interest at the rate of the 30-day SOFR plus . Interest expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 were million and , respectively. The interest rate at September 30, 2024, was . 

B D
Capital Partners, LLC 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into a financial advisory agreement with B D Capital Partners, LLC BDCP ).
W. Tom Donaldson III, a director of the company, is managing partner and a principal equity holder of Blystone Donaldson, the parent
company of BDPC. The agreement, dated July 28, 2023, engaged BDCP as a non-exclusive financial advisor to assist the Company in issuing
privately held debt securities and related transactions. BDCP is owned by Blystone Donaldson, LLC, and Mr. Donaldson, an independent
director of the Company, is a principal of BDCP. 

Under
the terms of the agreement, BDCP provided financial advisory services, including the review of confidential information, identification
and engagement of potential transaction parties, and assistance with investor presentations. 

During
the three months ending September 30, 2024, the Company did not incur any related party fees with BDCP. For the fiscal year ending June
30, 2024, the Company paid BDCP approximately 
 million, which included an advisory fee equal
to 
of the gross proceeds from transactions involving White Oak Commercial Finance, LLC. 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating Lease Cost 

Short - Term Lease Cost 

Variable Lease Cost 

Total Lease Cost 

Other Information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases (in Years) 

Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases (in Years) 

Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total Lease Payments 

Less Imputed Interest 

Total 

shares of previously outstanding common stock were exchanged for shares of
Class A Common Stock. In addition, the treasury stock was cancelled. This change in equity structure has been retroactively reflected
in the financial statements for all periods presented. 

Alliance
 Sponsor Shares 

Legacy
 Alliance Shares 

Total
 Shares of Common Stock Outstanding after Merger 

Up
to million additional shares of Class A common stock may be issued to the Legacy Alliance shareholders at no cost and upon automatic
conversion of the million shares of Class E common stock based on future performance of the Company s stock price and warrants
that can be exercised to purchase shares of Class A common stock at per share (See Note 17). The million shares of Class E
common stock are held in an escrow account as additional consideration contingent on triggering events occurring within years after
the Merger. Upon reaching the following triggering events, the Class E shares will be released from the escrow account to the three major
shareholders, and : 

If
 the stock price increases to per share within , million Class E shares will be released. 

If
 the stock price increases to per share within , million Class E shares will be released. 

If
 the stock price increases to per share within , million Class E shares will be released. 

Each
share of Class A and Class E common stock has one vote, and the common shares collectively will possess all voting power and will have
the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders.
Since the Class E shares are subject to vesting conditions and meet the contingent exercise and settlement provisions to be considered
indexed to the Company s stock, they are accounted for as equity instruments, and are reflected as a reduction of retained earnings,
at their fair value on the date of the Merger. 

In
connection with the Merger, the Company s 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan became effective. The
2023 Plan is a comprehensive incentive compensation plan under which the Company can grant equity-based and other incentives awards to
based officers, employees, and directors of, and consultants and advisers to, Alliance and its subsidiaries. The Company has reserved
a total of shares of common stock for issuance as or under awards to be made under the 2023 Plan. To the extent that an award
lapses, expires, is canceled, is terminated unexercised or ceases to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its holder terminate,
any common stock subject to such award shall again be available for the grant of a new award. The 2023 Plan shall continue in effect,
unless sooner terminated, until the tenth anniversary of the date on which it is adopted by the Board of Directors (except as to awards
outstanding on that date), and the Board of Directors in its discretion may terminate it at any time with respect to any shares for which
awards have not theretofore been granted, provided certain conditions are met, in accordance with the 2023 Plan. The price at which a
share may be purchased upon exercise of a share option shall be determined by the Plan Committee; provided, however, that such option
price (i) shall not be less than the fair market value of a share on the date such share option is granted, and (ii) shall be subject
to adjustment as provided in the 2023 Plan. As of September 30, 2024, shares were awarded under the 2023 Plan. 

Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants,
and Representatives Warrants issued and outstanding, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise
price of (the Warrants ). 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock underlying the Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying
its obligations with respect to registration. Additionally, no warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to
issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been
registered, qualified, or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Warrants. 

The
Company filed with the SEC on April 11, 2023, its registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. The registration, as amended,
became effective June 29, 2023. 

Public
Warrants 

The
Public Warrants qualify for the derivative scope exception under ASC 815 and are therefore classified as equity on the consolidated balance
sheets. They may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The Public Warrants are currently exercisable at per share and
will expire after the completion of the Merger or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may redeem for cash
the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part. 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant. 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption after the warrants become exercisable to each warrant holder; and

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing
 once the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the
 warrant holders. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right. 

Even
if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. However, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted
for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to
net cash settle the Public Warrants. 

Private
Placement Warrants: 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering but are classified
as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as they are not considered indexed to the company s own stock. Additionally, the
Private Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants as described above. 

Representative
Warrants 

The
Company issued Representative Warrants, for minimal consideration to ThinkEquity, a division of Fordham Financial Management, Inc. (and/or
its designees), in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of Alliance s initial public offering, which are also classified
as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The Representative Warrants are identical to the Private Warrants except that so long
as the Representative Warrants are held by ThinkEquity (and/or its designees) or its permitted transferees, the Representative Warrants
(i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, (iii) are entitled to registration
rights and (iv) are not exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the Merger. 

The
Company recomputes the fair value of the Private and the Representative Warrants at the issuance date and the end of each quarterly reporting
period. Such value computation includes subjective input assumptions that are consistently applied each period. If the Company were to
alter its assumptions or the numbers input based on such assumptions, the resulting fair value could be materially different. 

Exercise price per share 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Warrant measurement input 

The
significant assumptions using the Lattice model approach for valuation of the Warrants were determined in the following manner: 

(i) 
 Risk-free
 interest rate: the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate with a term matching the time to expiration. 

(ii) 
 Expected
 term: the expected term is estimated to be equivalent to the remaining contractual term. 

(iii) 
 Expected
 volatility: expected stock volatility is based on daily observations of the Company s historical stock value and implied by
 the market price of the public warrants, adjusted by guideline public company volatility. 

(iv) 
 Expected
 dividend yield: expected dividend yield is based on the Company s anticipated dividend payments. As the Company has never issued
 dividends, the expected dividend yield is 0 and this assumption will be continued in future calculations unless the Company changes
 its dividend policy. 

As of June 30, 2024 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Private Placement and Representative Warrants 

Exercised 

Change
 in value 

September
 30, 2024 

shares were authorized for issuance under the 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2023 plan ). Total restricted stock awards of shares were granted to employees on June 15, 2023, by approval
of the compensation committee. The shares fully vested on October 4, 2023. The Company does not have an annual stock-based compensation
plan. 

In
connection with awards granted, the Company recognized 0 and million in stock-based compensation expense during the three months
ending September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. 

In
September 2024, the Company s Board approved, subject to stockholder approval, an amendment to the 2023 Plan to increase the
number of shares authorized for issuance thereunder by 
shares of Class A common stock, for a total amount reserved under the 2023 Plan of 
shares of Class A common stock. On November 7, 2024, the Company s stockholder approved the amendment to the 2023 Plan. 

shares of its Class A common stock at a price of per share,
generating gross proceeds of approximately million. After deducting underwriting discounts, offering expenses, and representative
warrants, net proceeds were approximately million. shares were issued during the three months ending September 30, 2024. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
objective for the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is to provide
information the Company s management team believes is necessary to achieve an understanding of its financial condition and the
results of business operations with particular emphasis on the Company s future and should be read in conjunction with the Company s
audited consolidated financial statements, and footnotes. 

This
analysis contains forward-looking statements concerning the Company s performance expectations and estimates. Other than statements
with historical context, commentary should be considered forward- looking and carries with it risks and uncertainties. See Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Form 10-Q for a discussion of other uncertainties,
risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Alliance
is a leading global wholesaler and distributor of physical media, entertainment products, hardware, and accessories across various platforms.
Employing an established multi-channel strategy, Alliance operates as the vital link between renowned international manufacturers of
entertainment content and top-tier retail partners both domestically and internationally. With premier suppliers such as Universal Pictures,
Warner Brothers Home Video, Walt Disney Studios, Sony Pictures, Lionsgate, Paramount, Universal Music Group, Sony Music, Warner Music
Group, Microsoft, Nintendo, Take Two, Electronic Arts, Ubisoft, Square Enix, and others, Alliance maintains in-stock inventory of over
325,000 SKU products, consisting of vinyl records, video games, compact discs, DVD, Blu-Rays, and collectibles. Combined with exclusive
content from AMPED Distribution and Distribution Solutions, Alliance Entertainment serves as a valued added wholesale distributor, direct-to-consumer DTC distributor and e-commerce provider to notable partners including industry leaders like Walmart, Amazon, Best Buy,
Barnes Noble, Wayfair, Costco, Dell, Verizon, Kohl s, Target, Shopify, and others. Currently, the company sells its products,
permitted for export, to more than 70 countries worldwide. 

Additionally,
Alliance manages a diverse portfolio of owned e-commerce brands, including Critics Choice, Collectors Choice, Movies Unlimited,
DeepDiscount, popmarket, blowitoutahere, Fulfillment Express, Importcds, GamerCandy, WowHD, and others. 

Alliance
provides state-of-the art warehousing and distribution technologies, operating systems and services that seamlessly enable entertainment
product transactions to better serve customers directly or through our distribution affiliates. These technology-led platforms, combined
with Alliance s sales and distribution network, create a modern entertainment physical product marketplace that provides the discerning
customer with enhanced options on efficient consumer-friendly platforms inventory. Alliance is the retailers back office for in-store
and e-commerce solutions. All electronic data interchange EDI and logistics are operational and ready for existing retail
channels to add new products. 

Merger
and Business Acquisition 

Alliance
has a proven history of successfully acquiring and integrating competitors and complementary businesses. The Company will continue to
evaluate opportunities to identify targets that meet strategic and economic criteria. 

On
July 1, 2022, Alliance purchased the assets and liabilities of Think3Fold, LLC, a collectibles distribution company. This acquisition
resulted in increased shelf space at our largest customers and expanded our product offerings. 

On
February 10, 2023, AENT Corporation (f/k/a Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation) Legacy Alliance ), Adara Acquisition
Corp. Adara and Adara Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub consummated the closing of the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2022, by and among Adara, Merger Sub and Legacy Alliance. Pursuant to the
terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination of Legacy Alliance and Adara was affected by the merger of Merger
Sub with and into Alliance (the Merger or the Business Combination ), with Alliance surviving the Merger as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adara. Following the consummation of the Merger on the closing of the Business Combination, Adara changed
its name from Adara Acquisition Corp. to Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation (the Company ). 

22 

 Table of Contents 

While
the legal acquirer in the Business Combination Agreement was Adara, for financial accounting and reporting purposes under U.S. GAAP,
Legacy Alliance was the accounting acquirer, and the Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. A reverse
recapitalization (i.e., a capital transaction involving the exchange of stock by Adara for Legacy Alliance s stock) does not result
in a new basis of accounting, and the consolidated financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the consolidated
financial statements of Legacy Alliance in many respects. Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations
of Legacy Alliance became the historical consolidated financial statements of the combined company, and Adara s assets, liabilities
and results of operations were consolidated with Legacy Alliance beginning on the acquisition date. Operations prior to the Merger are
presented as those of Legacy Alliance in future reports. The net assets of Adara were recognized at historical cost (which was consistent
with carrying value), with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 

Upon
consummation of the Merger, the most significant change in Legacy Alliance s future reported financial position and results of
operations was a decrease in net Equity of 787,000 as compared to Legacy Alliance s consolidated balance sheet. 

As
a result of the Merger, Alliance Entertainment became the successor to an SEC-registered company, which requires us to hire additional
personnel and implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We expect
to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance,
director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources, including increased audit and legal
fees. 

Macroeconomic
Uncertainties 

Unfavorable
conditions in the economy in the United States and abroad may negatively affect the growth of our business and have affected our results
of operations. For example, macroeconomic events, including rising inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve raising interest rates, recent
bank failures, the Russia-Ukraine war and the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have led to economic uncertainty globally. The
effect of macroeconomic conditions may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. If, however, economic
uncertainty increases or the global economy worsens, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. For further
discussion of the potential impacts of macroeconomic events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, see the section
titled Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, including
the risk factor titled Unstable market and economic conditions have had and may continue to have serious adverse consequences
on our business, financial condition and share price. 

Key
Performance Indicators 

Management
monitors and analyzes key performance indicators to evaluate financial performance, including: 

Net
Revenue: To derive Net Revenue, the Company reduces total gross sales by customer returns, returns reserve, and allowances including
discounts. 

Cost
of Revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization): Our cost of revenue reflects the total costs incurred to market and distribute
products to customers. Changes in cost are impacted primarily by sales volume, product mix, product obsolescence, freight costs, and
market development funds MDF ). 

Operating
Expenses: Our Operating Expenses are the direct and indirect costs associated with the distribution and fulfillment of products and
services. They include both Distribution and Fulfillment and Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expenses. The Distribution
and Fulfillment Expenses are the payroll and operating expenses associated with the receipt, warehousing, and distribution of product. 

Margins:
 To analyze profitability, the Company reviews gross and net margins in dollars and as a percent of revenue by line of business and
product line. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses: The Selling, General and Administrative Expenses are payroll and operating costs for Information
Technology, Sales Marketing, and General Administrative functions. In addition, we include Depreciation and Amortization
expenses and Transaction Costs, if applicable. 

Balance
Sheet Indicators: The Company views cash, product inventory, accounts payable, and working capital as key indicators of its financial
position. 

Alliance
Entertainment Holding Corporation 

 Results
of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to Three Months Ended 

 September
30, 2023 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 
 in thousands except shares) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Revenues 
 228,990 
 226,755 
 
 Cost of Revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) 
 203,455 
 200,501 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Distribution and Fulfillment Expense 
 9,018 
 11,714 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 13,145 
 14,439 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 1,258 
 1,641 
 
 Restructuring Costs 
 50 
 47 
 
 (Loss) on Disposal of Fixed Assets 
 (15 

Total Operating Expenses 
 23,456 
 27,841 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 2,079 
 (1,587 
 
 Other Expenses 

Interest Expense, Net 
 2,839 
 3,140 
 
 Total Other Expenses 
 2,389 
 3,140 
 
 (Loss) Before Income Tax Benefit 
 (760 
 (4,727 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) 
 (1,157 
 (1,265 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 397 
 (3,462 

Net
Revenue: Year-over-year, total net revenues increased from 227 million to 229 million 2 million, 1 for the three months ended
September 30, 2024. Alliance Entertainment is a recognized leader and value-added distributor with exclusive distribution rights for
approximately 150 studios and labels in the film and music industry. This extensive portfolio of unique content, combined with our deep
inventory portfolio, enables us to service bulk B2B and direct-to-consumer (DTC) businesses with a vast selection of products unavailable
through other distributors. Our unique DTC suite of distribution and inventory solutions for the e-commerce retail industry, including
our consumer direct subsidiary DirectToU LLC, enabled approximately 34 of gross revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
versus 30 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Year
over year, vinyl record sales increased from 67.3 million to 70.5 million 3.2 million, 4.8 for the three months ending September
30, 2024. The average selling price of Vinyl was up 4.9 and partially offset by decreased volume resulting in the 4.8 increase in revenue
growth versus the prior year. We expect music enthusiasts and collectors to extend this upward trend because of passion for music, their
appreciation for the artwork, and a desire to enhance their physical collection. Likewise, Music Compact Discs (CDs) sales increased
from 33.1 million to 34.4 million 1.3 million, 4.0 ). The popularity of K-Pop helped us realize a 1.1 increase in the average selling
price of CDs combined with an increase in volume resulted in a net gain in revenue year-over-year. Similarly, physical movie sales, which
include DVDs, Blu-Ray, and Ultra HD, increased from 46.8 million to 52.9 million 6.1 million, 13.2 versus the same period last
year. The average selling price of physical film products increased 18.6 year over year and more than offset the decline in volume.
The consistent flow of new theatrical releases, combined with 4K and collectable SteelBook content, continues to drive home video sales.
We expect the trend of higher price points to continue as brick mortar retailers cater to the consumer preference for omnichannel
shopping experiences and curated content versus inexpensive, mass market product offerings. Alliance Entertainment s ability to
offer retailers in-store and on-line channels a deep, extensive library of both music and movies helps provide them with the products
for a cohesive shopping experience based on personal preference and engagement with their respective brands. 

Consumer
products revenue decreased from 10.6 million to 7.3 million (- 3.4 million, or -31.6 versus the prior year. The average selling price
per unit declined this quarter primarily due to mix and was partially offset by increased sales volume. The collectables industry appears
to have stabilized in the post- pandemic era and major trade shows have resumed their promotion of these unique products. The collectables
market is an integral part of the entertainment market segment due to its mix of nostalgic, investment, and intrinsic value. As such,
we believe there is continued profitable growth in this category as the industry solidifies how best to leverage and satisfy the consumer
demand for collectibles related to movie TV franchise and classic toy trends. 

Gaming
product revenue increased from 52.6 million to 57.1 million 4.5 million, 8.6 ). The revenue derived from a higher price point was
the direct result of our success selling more hardware and retro arcades than in prior periods. Gaming suppliers continue to transition
to subscription-based models, and we expect to benefit from new hardware releases during the next year. We continue to proactively monitor
gaming industry trends to ensure we have the right product mix to meet market demand and maximize profitability. 

Cost
of Revenues: Total cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased from 201 million to 203 million 2 million
or 1 year over year primarily due to the direct relation of product costs to sales volume. However, Gross Margin dollars decreased
year over year as product margins declined from 11.6 to 11.2 . The Gross Margin decline for the three months ended September 30, 2024,
over the same period prior year, was primarily due to our desire to convert aged inventory into cash prior to the holiday season albeit
at lower margins. 

Operating
Expenses: Total operating expenses for the quarter decreased from 28 million to 23 million and decreased as a percentage of net
revenue from 12.2 to 10.3 during the same period the prior year. Total Distribution and fulfillment expense declined from 11.7 million
to 9.0 million (- 2.7 million, -23 and decreased from 5.2 to 3.9 as a percentage of net revenue for the three months ended September
30, 2024, versus the same period prior year. We continue to invest in warehouse automation to reduce the need for total warehouse labor
and utilize temporary labor forces to manage changes in demand. As a result, fulfillment payroll declined from 7.3 million to 6.3 million
(- 1.0 million, -14 for the three months ending September 30, 2024, versus the same period of the prior year. In addition, despite low
unemployment rates, the average cost per labor hour declined approximately 5 . In May of 2024, we consolidated operations by closing
our Shakopee, MN warehouse which also helped reduce operating costs and improve efficiency by centralizing operations and reducing redundancy.
And, as we continue to identify and implement business process changes to improve overall efficiency, total selling, general and administrative
costs remained flat year over year. 

Interest
Expense: For the three months ending September 30, 2024, total interest expense decreased from 3.1 million to 2.8 million (- 0.3
million or -10 versus the same period of the prior year. The primary driver was a reduction of the average revolver balance from 124
million to 81 million (- 43 million or -35 over the same period of the prior year, partially offset by an increase of our effective
interest rate from 8.5 to 10.0 . 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Income
Tax: For the three months ended September 30, 2024, an income tax benefit of 1.2 million was recorded compared to a benefit of 1.3
million for the same period in the prior year. Alliance reported a pretax loss of 0.8 million and 4.7 million for the three-months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The annual effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 152 .
The difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the 21 federal statutory rate primarily resulted from state income
taxes, Foreign derived intangible income, and one discrete item from a one-time adjustment for out of measurement period adjustment to the deferred
tax liability for software costs. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures: For the three months ending September 30, 2024, we had non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA of approximately 3.4 million
compared with Adjusted EBITDA of approximately 1.3 million in the same period of the prior year. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net gain
or loss adjusted to exclude: (i) income tax expense; (ii) other income (loss); (iii) interest expense; and (iv) depreciation and amortization
expense and (v) other non- recurring expenses. Our method of calculating Adjusted EBITDA may differ from other issuers and
accordingly, this measure may not be comparable to measures used by other issuers. We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our own operating
performance and as an integral part of our planning process. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure because we believe
such a measure is useful to investors as a reasonable indicator of operating performance. We believe this measure is a financial metric
used by many investors to compare companies. This measure is not a recognized measure of financial performance under GAAP in the United
States and should not be considered as a substitute for operating earnings (losses), net earnings (loss) from continuing operations or
cash flows from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. See the table below for a reconciliation, for the periods
presented, of our GAAP net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA. 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 
 in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 397 
 (3,462 
 
 Add back: 

Interest Expense 
 2,839 
 3,140 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 (1,157 
 (1,265 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 1,258 
 1,641 
 
 EBITDA 
 3,337 
 54 
 
 Adjustments 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 - 
 1,328 
 
 Change In Fair Value of Warrants 
 41 
 (124 
 
 Restructuring Cost 
 50 
 47 
 
 Loss on Disposal of Property and Equipment 
 (15 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 3,413 
 1,305 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity:
 On December 21, 2023, Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, providing for a three-year
 120 million senior secured asset-based credit facility, with White Oak Commercial Finance, LLC. The Revolving Credit Facility replaced
the Company s revolver with Bank of America (the Prior Credit Facility ). 

The
Company has implemented certain strategic initiatives to reduce expenses and focus on the sale of higher margin products. As a result
of the new credit facility, combined with these initiatives and the Company s financial performance, the Company has concluded
that it has sufficient cash to fund its operations and obligations (from its cash on hand, operations, working capital and availability
on the credit facility) for at least twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Our
primary sources of liquidity are cash on-hand, cash provided by operating activities, and borrowings under our credit facility. As of
September 30, 2024, in addition to the 4.3 million of cash, we carried a 88 million revolver balance on our 120 million credit facility
(the Revolving Credit Facility under the Loan and Security Agreement with White Oak Commercial Finance, LLC. Since June
30, 2024, our available collateral increased from 117 million to 142 million 25 million, 21 ). Our availability decreased from 44
million to 32 million, a decrease of 12 million, as we build our inventory for the 2024 holiday season. Year over year, we have converted
accounts receivable and inventory to cash which was used to reduce the revolver balance from 126 million on September 30, 2023, to 88
million (- 38 million or -28 on September 30, 2024. Furthermore, combined with a lower loan ceiling of 120 million versus 175 million,
we have reduced debt service costs. 

in millions) 
 September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Revolver Balance 
 88 
 73 
 
 Availability 
 32 
 44 

Our
liquidity position has improved significantly since the Merger. The company s liquidity ratio (current assets divided by
current liability) increased to 1.34 from 0.87 last year. This improvement reflects a stronger ability to meet short-term
obligations, providing us with more financial flexibility and stability. We intend to principally rely on our borrowing capacity
under the Revolving Credit Facility as well as any renewal or replacement of such facility. The receipt of cash proceeds from the
exercise of our Warrants is dependent upon the market price exceeding the 11.50 exercise price and the Warrants being exercised for
cash. Since the exercise price of the Warrants of 11.50 per share is significantly greater than the current market price of the
Class A common stock 4.87 as of November 8, 2024 we do not expect the Warrants to be exercised until such time, if
ever, that the market price of the Class A common stock exceeds the exercise price of the Warrants. Although the Company does not
currently intend to do so, following this offering, the Company may seek to raise additional capital through the sale of equity
securities. 

Cash
Flow: The following table summarizes our net cash provided by or used on operating activities, investing activities and financing
activities for the periods indicated and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the three months
ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Three Months Ended 
 
 in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 397 
 (3,462 
 
 Net Cash (Used In) Provided By: 

Operating Activities 
 (11,622 
 (2,739 
 
 Investing Activities 
 (10 

Financing Activities 
 14,793 
 3,099 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, on net income of 0.4 million, the Company s cash used in operating activities was 11.6
million versus 2.7 million used in operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Compared to the same three-month period
last year, there was a 4 million improvement in net income combined with a 41 million increase in inventory versus a decrease of 13
million increase in inventory for the same three-month period prior year. The key driver was approximately 21 million less inventory
on-hand to support sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to the relatively high inventory position on September 30,
2023, because of the supply chain disruptions that occurred in the prior year. The 41 million decrease in inventory for the three months
ending September 30, 2024, was offset of 43 million increase to accounts payable and a 10 million increase in trade receivables. 

The
cashflow from investing activities was 10,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 0 for the same period prior year. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 14.7 million for the three months ending September 30, 2024, versus cash provided of 3.1
million for the same period prior year. The primary reason was an increase in borrowing necessary to obtain desired inventory levels
which increased from 97 million on June 30, 2024, to 138 million 41 million or 42 at September 30, 2024. However, year over year,
financing requirements were reduced because the value of inventory declined from 159 million on September 30, 2023, to 138 million
on September 30, 2024 (- 20 million or -13 ). In addition, our debt service exposure declined year over year as the revolver balance
declined from 126 million to 85 million (- 41 million or -33 from September 30, 2023, to 2024, respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our discussion and analysis of the financial condition
and results of operations are based on these financial statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires the application
of accounting policies in addition to certain estimates and judgments by our management. Our estimates and judgments are based on currently
available information, historical results, and other assumptions we believe are reasonable. The actual results could differ materially
from these estimates. 

No
changes were made to the critical accounting estimates discussed in the 2024 Annual Report during the three months ending September 30,
2024. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a small reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under
this item. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, under the direction of and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act)
as of September 30, 2024. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our management concluded that, as of September
30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. These material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting relate to the fact that the Company did not have the necessary business processes and
related internal controls fully implemented to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting and
the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, as described further below.
The Company has added and continues to evaluate the need for additional controls over the accounting and financial reporting requirements
related to certain non-routine transactions, which has been implemented withing the reporting period but has yet to be effective for
most of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. The material weaknesses will be considered remediated when such time as management designs
and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and has concluded, through testing, that these controls
are effective. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual consolidated financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. As of September 30, 2024, the following material weaknesses existed: 

Entity
Level Controls 

Management
did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the (1) control environment, (2) risk assessment procedures,
and (3) monitoring activities to prevent or detect material misstatements to the financial statements and assess whether the components
of internal control were present and functioning. These deficiencies were primarily attributed to an insufficient number of qualified
resources to support and provide proper oversight and accountability over the performance of controls. 

Control
Activities 

Management
did not have adequate selection and development of effective control activities resulting in the following material weaknesses: 

Information
 Technology (IT) General Controls Certain information technology general controls for security and administration of key
 IT systems were not designed properly or did not operate effectively. Specifically, (i) periodic user access reviews of roles and
 permissions were not performed sufficiently throughout the period for certain key IT systems, and (ii) certain key IT systems were
 not logically restricted, resulting in improper segregation of duties for certain business processes. 

Financial
 Close Processes Management did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, and effective control activities over
 certain routine aspects of financial reporting. Specifically, management did not design and maintain effective controls over (i)
 the financial reporting process, including management review controls over areas of accounting such as revenue, inventory, accounts
 payable, income taxes and payroll, at an appropriate level of precision to detect a material misstatement and sufficient appropriate
 evidence was not maintained to support the execution and evaluation of the controls performed, (ii) the monthly financial close process,
 including the review of journal entries, account reconciliations, and analysis of recorded balances, and (iii) the completeness and
 accuracy of information used by control owners in the operation of certain controls. 

Remediation
Plan for Material Weaknesses 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company has implemented controls that we are confident will remediate the identified material weaknesses.
While certain controls were fully operational only for a portion of the prior fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, some control implementations
are still ongoing, with significant remediation efforts to be finalized by the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. These efforts focused
on enhancing financial oversight, improving the accuracy and compliance of financial operations, and strengthening our internal controls
over financial reporting (ICFR). The Company continues to monitor the effectiveness of these controls to ensure sustained compliance. 

Key
remediation actions included: 

Entity-Level
 Controls: We enhanced support, oversight, and accountability for key financial reporting positions. Management continues to assess
 and address resource needs, including the potential addition of accounting and compliance personnel and engagement of third-party
 advisors, as necessary. 

Information
 Technology General Controls: We implemented user access assessments and periodic reviews for key IT systems to ensure appropriate
 logical security. IT processes are now centrally managed, and we are evaluating the transition of certain hosting and administrative
 responsibilities to third-party providers. 

Financial
 Close Process and ICFR: We enhanced controls over revenue, inventory, accounts payable, payroll, income taxes, journal entries, and
 other business processes. This included developing monitoring controls to timely assess and adjust our ICFR as needed. Additionally,
 we engaged a third-party service provider to assist in designing and implementing significant process transaction flows and key controls
 across various business processes. 

Despite
these material weaknesses, we believe that the financial information presented in this report is materially correct and in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. We are committed to ongoing monitoring and will continue reporting progress to the audit committee. However, the full
remediation of these material weaknesses requires that the newly implemented controls operate effectively over time, and we cannot guarantee
that additional weaknesses will not be identified in the future. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the most recent fiscal quarter that were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Rules 13d-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

Alliance
is currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations in the ordinary
course of business. These include proceedings, claims, and investigations relating to, among other things, regulatory matters, commercial
matters, intellectual property, competition, tax, employment, pricing, discrimination, consumer rights, personal injury, and property
rights. 

Depending
on the nature of the proceeding, claim, or investigation, the Company may be subject to monetary damage awards, fines, penalties, or
injunctive orders. Furthermore, the outcome of these matters could materially adversely affect Alliance s business, results of
operations, and financial condition. The outcomes of legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations are inherently unpredictable
and subject to significant judgment to determine the likelihood and amount of loss related to such matters. 

In
particular, on March 31, 2023, a class action complaint, titled Matthew McKnight v. Alliance Entertainment Holding Corp. f/k/a Adara
Acquisition Corp., Adara Sponsor LLC, Thomas Finke, Paul G. Porter, Beatriz Acevedo-Greiff, W. Tom Donaldson III, Dylan Glenn, and Frank
Quintero , was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against our pre-Business Combination board of directors and executive officers
and Adara Sponsor LLC, alleging breaches of fiduciary duties by purportedly failing to disclose certain information in connection with
the Business Combination and by approving the Business Combination. We intend to vigorously defend the lawsuit. There can be no assurance,
however, that we will be successful. On September 12, 2024, COKeM filed a Third-Party Complaint against Planet Entertainment LLC and
Steven Grossman asserting claims for indemnification and contribution. At this time, we are unable to estimate potential losses, if any,
related to the lawsuit. 

On
June 6, 2024, Office Create Corporation filed a complaint against COKeM International Ltd. COKeM in the United
States District Court for the District of Minnesota alleging contributory trademark infringement, contributory false designation of
origin and unjust enrichment relating to COKeM s [alleged] distribution of a specific video game, Cooking Mama: Cookstar. The
plaintiff is seeking damages of no less than 20,913,200, plus interest of 9 accruing from October 3, 2022. On August 29, 2024,
COKeM filed a response denying all allegations. COKeM intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. At this time, we are unable to
estimate potential losses, if any, related to this lawsuit. 

On
August 8, 2024, a class action complaint, Feller v. Alliance Entertainment, LLC and DirectToU, LLC , was filed under the Video
Privacy Protection Act VPPA ). The complaint alleges that the Company violated the VPPA by disclosing users personally
identifiable information, as well as information regarding videos they viewed on the Company s website, to Facebook through the
use of Facebook Pixel. The Company is evaluating the claims and intends to defend against the allegations vigorously. At this time, the
potential outcome or range of financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on September 20, 2024. Any of these factors could result in
a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

None. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ALLIANCE
 ENTERTAINMENT HOLDING CORPORATION 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Walker 

Name: 
 Jeffrey
 Walker 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeffrey Walker, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the periods covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the unaudited condensed financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
 in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 I,
 as the registrant s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
 controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the periods in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the periods covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I,
 as the registrant s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation
 of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Walker 

Jeffrey
 Walker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Alliance Entertainment Holding Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Walker,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 November 12, 2024 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Walker 

Jeffrey
 Walker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 aent-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 aent-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 aent-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 aent-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

