<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_354963_0001628280-24-045986.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8720178</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93656</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1561157</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3050537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2117074</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1698386</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045986.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107073221
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045986
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO/VA/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000354963
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				541162807
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09881
		FILM NUMBER:		241433197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 459
		STREET 2:		500 SHENTEL WAY
		CITY:			EDINBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22824
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5409844141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 459
		STREET 2:		500 SHENTEL WAY
		CITY:			EDINBURG
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045986.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 shen-20240930.htm
 10-Q

shen-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from__________ to __________ 
 
 Commission File No.: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT: 
 (Title of Class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of Exchange on which Registered) (The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding on October 31, 2024) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 

SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY 
 INDEX 
 
 Page Numbers PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Temporary Equity and Shareholders Equity 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 36 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. Exhibits 37 
 Signatures 38 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses and other Current assets held for sale Total current assets Investments Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill and intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Non-current assets held for sale Total assets LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt, net of unamortized loan fees Accounts payable Advanced billings and customer deposits Accrued compensation Current operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities and other Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities, net of unamortized loan fees Other long-term liabilities: Deferred income taxes Benefit plan obligations Non-current operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Non-current liabilities held for sale Total other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 Shareholders equity: Common stock, no par value, authorized ; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes Total shareholders equity Total liabilities, temporary equity and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue and other Operating expenses: Cost of services exclusive of depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative Integration and acquisition Impairment expense Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Gain on the sale of discontinued operations, net of tax Total income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net (loss) income ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to common shareholders, basic and diluted: Loss from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net (loss) income per share Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Net change in unrealized (loss) gain 
 ) Amounts reclassified to interest expense ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 
 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (in thousands) Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Shares Amount Shares (no par value) Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued Unrealized loss on interest rate hedge, net of tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to interest expense ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Shares Amount Shares (no par value) Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 Net income Stock-based compensation Common stock issued Shares surrendered for settlement of employee taxes upon issuance of vested equity awards ) ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate hedge, net of tax 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to interest expense ) ) Issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interest Preferred stock dividends ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Shares Amount Shares (no par value) Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 Net income Stock-based compensation Common stock issued Unrealized gain on interest rate hedge, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2023 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Shares Amount Shares of Common Stock (no par value) Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 Net income Stock-based compensation Common stock issued Shares surrendered for settlement of employee taxes upon issuance of vested equity awards ) ) ) Unrealized gain on interest rate hedge, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2023 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Loss from continuing operations ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities, net of effects of business acquisition Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense, net of amount capitalized Impairment expense Deferred income taxes ) Provision for credit losses Gain on sale of FCC spectrum licenses 
 ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Current income taxes Operating lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Other deferrals and accruals ) Net cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities - discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Government grants received Cash disbursed for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from the sale of FCC spectrum licenses Proceeds from sale of assets and other Net cash used in investing activities - continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities - discontinued operations ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on long-term debt ) Proceeds from credit facility borrowings Payments for debt amendment costs ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interest, net of financing fees paid Taxes paid for equity award issuances ) ) Payments for financing arrangements and other ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized ) ) Income tax (paid) refunds received, net ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 of the outstanding equity interests of Horizon in exchange for (i) issuing shares of Shentel s common stock, no par value Common Stock ), to an investment fund managed by affiliates of GCM Grosvenor, which is one of the Sellers (the Selling Shareholder and (ii) paying million in cash consideration to the other Sellers and certain third parties, including Horizon s existing lenders to discharge debt (collectively, the Horizon Transaction ). Cash consideration paid also included purchase price adjustments for capital expenditure reimbursements and working capital subject to subsequent adjustments as defined in the merger agreement. The Selling Shareholder agreed to an investor rights agreement with the Company that includes among other provision, a lockup period for the shares of Common Stock received. 
 
 Horizon is a leading commercial fiber provider in Ohio and adjacent states serving national wireless providers, carriers, enterprises, and government, education and healthcare customers. The acquisition of Horizon will allow Shentel to advance its fiber expansion strategy by doubling the size of the Company s commercial fiber business and adding new expansion markets for its Glo Fiber business. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Acquisition of Horizon, for more information regarding the Horizon Transaction and its impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Shentel Broadband s Series A Participating Exchangeable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per share in exchange for million in cash. The Series A Preferred Stock is exchangeable at the option of the Investor in certain circumstances for shares of Common Stock at an exchange price of per share (as it may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Exchange Price ). 
 
 As a condition to closing the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement and Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, Shentel completed a corporate reorganization of Shentel s subsidiaries (the Reorganization ). As a result of the Reorganization effected on the Closing Date, Shentel Broadband Operations LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shentel Broadband, holds or has equity interest in substantially all of the operating assets of Shentel and was assigned and assumed the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On the Closing Date, Shentel Broadband filed a certificate of designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware authorizing shares of Series A Preferred Stock and setting forth the powers, designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to Shentel s Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and with respect to the distribution of assets upon Shentel Broadband s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accrue at per annum compounded and payable quarterly in arrears and, at Shentel s option, may be paid in cash or in kind (such dividends paid in kind, PIK Dividends ). The PIK Dividend rate is subject to increase to and after the fifth and seventh anniversaries of the Closing Date, respectively, to the extent any dividends accrued during the period from and including such anniversary dates are paid in the form of PIK Dividends. 
 
 Beginning after the Closing Date, Shentel may require the Investor to exchange the Series A Preferred Stock for shares of Common Stock if the price per share of the Common Stock exceeds of the Exchange Price, subject to certain conditions. After , Shentel may redeem all of the Series A Preferred Stock for the greater of (i) per share, plus (a) any accrued PIK Dividend amount and (b) accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding the redemption date (to the extent such accrued and unpaid dividends are not included in such PIK Dividend amount), and (ii) the value of the shares of Common Stock for which such Series A Preferred Stock are exchangeable. 
 
 Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Investor has the right to nominate a director to the Board so long as the Investor beneficially owns at least of Shentel s outstanding Common Stock (including on an as exchanged basis with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock). 
 
 So long as the Investor beneficially owns at least of Shentel s outstanding Common Stock (including on an as exchanged basis with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock), the Investor is subject to certain standstill provisions and voting covenants and has certain other rights with respect to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including, among others, pre-emptive, information and participation rights. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock are subject to a lock-up until the first anniversary of the Closing Date and are subject to certain other transfer restrictions. 
 
 Refer to Note 12, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, for more information regarding the Series A Preferred Stock and its impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 
 
 On April 1, 2024, Shentel entered into Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, Incremental Term Loan Funding Agreement, Joinder and Assignment and Assumption (the Third Amendment to its existing Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, with various financial institutions party thereto (the Lenders and CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent for the Lenders (as previously amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023, and Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated October 24, 2023, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Third Amendment provides for, among other things, incremental delay draw term loan commitments under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount equal to million and an increase in the revolving commitment under the Credit Agreement in an amount equal to million. Refer to Note 9, Debt, for more information regarding the Credit Agreement. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million (the Tower Transaction ). The Company received million, net of certain transaction costs at the time of the initial closing. At the initial close, the Company conveyed sites representing approximately of the tower portfolio value. The Company expects to convey the remaining tower sites in the portfolio by the end of March 2025. The Tower Transaction was completed pursuant to the terms of a Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated February 29, 2024, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 29, 2024. 
 
 The Tower Portfolio represented substantially all of the assets and operations in Shentel s previously reported Tower Reporting Segment and the Tower Transaction represented a strategic shift in the Company s business. Consequently, the Tower Portfolio has been reclassified as a discontinued operation. For all periods presented, the assets and liabilities that transferred in the Tower Transaction (the disposal group are presented as held for sale in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets , and operating results and cash flows related to the Tower Portfolio were reflected as a discontinued operations in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows . Refer to Note 16, Discontinued Operations, for more information regarding the presentation of the disposal group in the Company s financial statements. 
 
 As a result of the sale of the Tower Portfolio, the Company has reportable segment. Consequently, segment reporting previously disclosed is no longer applicable. 

Note 2. 
 million, which consisted of million of cash consideration paid and million of common stock, representing the fair value of shares of Shentel s common stock issued to a selling shareholder of Horizon. The fair value of Shentel s common stock issued was determined on the basis 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 Government grant liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded certain measurement period adjustments based on additional information, primarily related to acquired property, plant and equipment, acquired leases and certain liabilities assumed, resulting in a decrease to goodwill of million. Finalization of the purchase price allocations is dependent on final review and acceptance of the independent appraiser s valuation report. 
 
 Current and other assets acquired include million of accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of million. Intangible assets acquired primarily relate to customer relationships. The customer relationships are valued using the cost approach to determine the cost that would be incurred to replace these assets. These represent finite-lived intangibles which are being amortized over the assets useful lives, which is estimated to be ten years. 
 
 The Company has included the results of the operations of Horizon for financial reporting purposes for the period subsequent to the date of acquisition. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, Shentel incurred integration and acquisition-related costs of million and million related to banking, legal, accounting, severance and other similar expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Shentel incurred acquisition-related costs of million and million related to banking, legal, accounting, and other similar expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These costs are recorded as integration and acquisition expenses in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Horizon s revenue of million and loss before income taxes of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and Horizon s revenue of million and loss before income taxes of million for the period between April 1, 2024 and September 30, 2024 are included in Shentel s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for both the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Loss before income taxes 
 N/A 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The pro forma disclosures shown above are based upon estimated preliminary valuations of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as well as preliminary estimates of depreciation and amortization charges thereon, that may differ from the final fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and the resulting depreciation and amortization charges thereon. Other pro forma adjustments include the following: 
 
 historical depreciation expense was adjusted for the fair value adjustment increasing the basis of property, plant and equipment and shorter estimated useful lives to conform to the Company s standard policy and the acceleration of depreciation on certain equipment; 
 incremental amortization due to the customer-based contract rights associated with acquired customers; and 
 removal of Horizon s interest expense and amortization of deferred financing fees due to the repayment of the outstanding principal of Horizon s debt. 

Note 3. 
 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets 2 
 Commercial Fiber RLEC Other Service revenue and other 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 1. Incumbent Broadband Markets consists of Shentel Incumbent Cable Markets and Horizon Incumbent Telephone Markets with Fiber-To-The-Home FTTH passings. 
 2. Glo Fiber Expansion Markets consists of FTTH passings in greenfield expansion markets in the Shentel and former Horizon markets. 
 
 Shentel updated the description for revenues previously reported as Residential SMB - Cable Markets to Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets and updated the description for revenues previously reported as Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Markets to Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets. 
 
 Shentel had million and million of gross trade receivables from customers as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Contract Assets 
 
 The Company s contract assets primarily include commissions incurred to acquire contracts with customers. The Company incurs commission expenses related to in-house and third-party vendors which are capitalized and amortized over the expected customer benefit period which is approximately . The Company s current contract assets are included in prepaid expenses and other and the Company s non-current contract assets are included in deferred charges and other assets in its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of capitalized commission expenses is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Commission payments Contract asset amortization ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 Contract Liabilities 
 
 The Company s contract liabilities include services that are billed in advance and recorded as deferred revenue, as well as installation fees that are charged upfront without transfer of commensurate goods or services to the customer. The Company s current contract liabilities are included in advanced billings and customer deposits in its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets and the Company s non-current contract liabilities are included in other liabilities in its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Shentel s current contract liability balances were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Shentel s non-current contract liability balances were million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Shentel expects its current contract liability balances to be recognized as revenues during the twelve-month periods following the respective balance sheet dates and its non-current contract liability balances to be recognized as revenues after the twelve-month periods following the respective balance sheet dates. 

Note 4. 
 
 Cost method investments Equity method investments Total investments 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Shentel recognized approximately million and million of patronage income in other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company expects that approximately of the patronage distributions will be collected in cash and in equity in 2024. 
 
 Prior to the Horizon Transaction, Horizon held a million investment in CoBank s Class A common stock. Consequently, the value of Shentel s investment in CoBank increased by a corresponding amount as a result of the Horizon Transaction. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5. 
 
 Land improvements years 
 Buildings and structures - years 
 Cable and fiber - years 
 Equipment and software - years 
 Plant in service Plant under construction Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, net increased due primarily to capital expenditures driven by the Company s assets acquired as a result of the Horizon Transaction and Glo Fiber market expansion. The Company s accounts payable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 included amounts associated with capital expenditures of approximately million and million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense was million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Note 6. 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangibles: Cable franchise rights FCC Spectrum licenses Railroad crossing rights and other Total indefinite-lived intangibles Finite-lived intangibles: Subscriber relationships ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total finite-lived intangibles ) ) Total goodwill and intangible assets ) ) 
 
 million of goodwill, million of subscriber relationships and million of other intangible assets as a result of the preliminary purchase price allocation related to the Horizon acquisition. The goodwill recognized primarily consists of synergies expected from combining the operations of Horizon and Shentel and intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including an assembled workforce. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Amortization expense was million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Note 7. 
 
 Broadband contract acquisition costs Interest rate swaps Other Prepaid expenses and other 
 
 Interest rate swaps Prepaid expenses and other Deferred charges and other assets 
 
 Other current liabilities Accrued liabilities and other 
 
 Noncurrent portion of finance leases Other Other liabilities 

Note 8. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Operating lease cost Operating expense 1 
 Lease cost 
 _________________________________________ 
 (1) Operating lease expense is presented in cost of services or selling, general and administrative expense based on the use of the relevant facility. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted average discount rate Finance leases Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (includes new leases or modification of existing leases) 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 to years and are billed monthly. Lease revenue from these arrangements was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These amounts are presented in service revenue and other in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 

Note 9. 
 
 million available revolving credit facility due June 2026 (the Revolver ), (ii) a million delayed draw amortizing term loan due June 2026 Term Loan A-1 ), (iii) a million delayed draw amortizing term loan due June 2028 Term Loan A-2 ), and (iv) a million delayed draw amortizing term loan due July 2028 Term Loan A-3 and collectively with Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2, the Term Loans ). The following loans were outstanding under the Credit Agreement: 
 
 Term loan A-2 Term loan A-3 Total debt Less: unamortized loan fees ) ) Total debt, net of unamortized loan fees 
 
 Both Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2 bore interest at one-month LIBOR plus a margin until May 2023 and now bear interest at one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin. Term Loan A-3 also bears interest at one-month term SOFR plus a margin. The margin is variable and determined by the Company s net leverage ratio. Interest is paid monthly. The interest rate for Term Loan A-1, A-2, and A-3 at September 30, 2024 was , , and , respectively. The interest rate was for both Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Less: capitalized interest 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 

18 

Table of Contents 

 quarterly from September 30, 2024 through March 31, 2026, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2026. Based on the outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024, Term Loan A-2 requires quarterly principal repayments of through March 31, 2028, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2028. Based on the outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024, Term Loan A-3 requires quarterly principal repayments of from June 30, 2025 through March 31, 2027; then increasing to quarterly from June 30, 2027 through March 31, 2028, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2028. 
 
 Shentel has not made any borrowings under its Revolver as of September 30, 2024. In the event borrowings are made in the future, the entire outstanding principal amount borrowed against the Revolver is due June 30, 2026. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 Although no borrowings have been executed under the Revolver, Shentel has executed letter of credit arrangements totaling million that reduce the available balance of the Revolver. The letter of credit arrangements were executed primarily pursuant to the requirements of the National Telecommunications and Information NTIA government grant program, discussed further in Note 14, Government Grants . These amounts are not considered borrowed, as no cash has been disbursed to Shentel or other parties. 
 
 The Credit Agreement is fully secured by a pledge and unconditional guarantee from the Company and all of its subsidiaries, except Shenandoah Telephone Company. This provides the lenders a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

Note 10. 
), receive variable (one-month term SOFR) interest rate swaps totaling million of notional principal (the Swaps ). The Swaps contain monthly payment terms that became effective in May 2024, which extend through their maturity dates in June 2026. The Swaps are designated as cash flow hedges, representing of the Company s outstanding debt under Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2. The Company uses the Swaps to manage its exposure to interest rate risk for its long-term variable-rate Term Loans. 
 
 The Swaps were determined to be highly effective hedges and therefore all change in the fair value of the Swaps was recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 Deferred charges and other assets Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 19 

Table of Contents 

) Net change in unrealized loss 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified to interest expense 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 (in thousands) Gain on Swaps 
 Income tax expense 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net change in unrealized gain 
 ) Amounts reclassified to interest expense 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 (in thousands) Gain on Swaps 
 Income tax expense 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net change in unrealized gain ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 (in thousands) Gain on Swaps 
 Income tax expense 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 Net change in unrealized gain 
 ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

Note 11. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents ) State income tax (benefit) expense, net of federal tax effect ) ) Excess tax deficiency from share-based compensation and other expense, net Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) 
 
 The Company made million in payments and received million in refunds for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company received million in cash refunds for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Note 12. 
 
 shares of Shentel Broadband s Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for million in cash. The Series A Preferred Stock has a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024, shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were authorized for issuance and shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding. 
 
 Shentel has applied the guidance in ASC 480 10 S99 3A, SEC Staff Announcement: Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , and has therefore classified the Series A Preferred Stock outside of shareholders equity on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets because the shares contain liquidation features that are not solely within the Company s control. The Series A Preferred Stock was recorded at its fair value on the date of issuance, net of million of issuance costs. The Company does not adjust the carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock to the liquidation preference of such shares because of the uncertainty of whether or when a liquidation event would occur. Subsequent adjustments to increase the carrying value to the liquidation preferences will be made only when it becomes probable that such a liquidation event will occur. Furthermore, the Company classifies the Series A Preferred Stock as redeemable noncontrolling interest due to the fact that the Series A Preferred Stock is issued by its subsidiary, Shentel Broadband. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Other Information , the Company must pay either a cash or PIK Dividend related to the Series A Preferred Stock on a quarterly basis. The first quarterly dividend was issued as a PIK Dividend on July 15, 2024. The PIK Dividend resulted in a million increase in the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 As described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Other Information , the Series A Preferred Stock is exchangeable at the option of the Investor or Shentel in certain circumstances for shares of Common Stock at an exchange price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Series A Preferred Stock was exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. 

Note 13. 
 
 Granted Adjustments for PSU performance 
 ) Vested 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding awards, September 30, 2024 

The total fair value of RSUs vested was million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Granted Adjustments for RTSR performance 
 ) Vested 
 ) Forfeited ) Outstanding awards, September 30, 2024 

The total fair value of RTSRs vested was million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Capitalized stock compensation ) ) ) ) Stock compensation expense, net 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs and RTSRs which is expected to be recognized over weighted average period of years. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) Total income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net (loss) income ) Amounts attributable to common shareholders 
 Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Total income from discontinued operations 
 Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders ) Basic weighted average shares outstanding Per share amounts attributable to common shareholders 
 Basic - Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Basic - Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Basic net (loss) income per share ) Effect of dilutive instruments outstanding: Basic weighted average shares outstanding Effect from dilutive shares and options outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Diluted - Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Diluted - Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Diluted net (loss) income per share ) 
 
 The Company determines the dilutive impact of equity awards and the Series A Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis) by applying the treasury stock method and the if-converted method, respectively. There were approximately and potentially dilutive equity awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively; however, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding due to the fact that they were anti-dilutive as a result of the Company's loss from continuing operations for the periods. There were also approximately potentially dilutive shares related to the Series A Preferred Stock (on an as-converted basis) during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024; however, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding due to the fact that they were anti-dilutive as a result of the Company s loss from continuing operations for the periods. There were approximately and potentially dilutive equity awards during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively; however, these shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding due to the fact that they were anti-dilutive as a result of the Company's loss from continuing operations for the periods. 

Note 14. 
 
 million to strategically expand the Company s broadband network in order to provide broadband services to unserved residences. 
 
 The Company recognizes grant receivables at the time it becomes probable that the Company will be eligible to receive the grant, which is estimated to correspond with the date when specified build-out milestones are achieved. As a result of these 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in cash reimbursements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had approximately million and million in accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Prior to the Horizon Transaction, Horizon entered into agreements with the Department of Development in Ohio under the state s Ohio Residential Broadband Expansion program. As part of these agreements, Horizon committed to expand its broadband network resulting in total project costs of million, with government matching grants totaling million. Approximately million of the grant was paid to Horizon up-front, while the remainder will be paid upon the achievement of specified milestones. Shentel assumed these agreements as a result of the Horizon Transaction and is therefore obligated under these programs to continue the build-out of this network. If Shentel fails to complete the build-out, Shentel may be required to repay a portion or all of the grant that Horizon received prior to the acquisition. Consequently, the portion of the up-front grant payment associated with unfulfilled obligations is recorded in other liabilities in the C ompany s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Consistent with Shentel s existing policy for accounting for government grants, the Company reclassifies amounts from other liabilities to reduce the related property, plant and equipment as the Company fulfills its obligations under this grant program. As of September 30, 2024, million of this liability remained in other liabilities. Post acquisition, Horizon was also granted million by the NTIA under its Middle Mile Grant Program. The Company has not received any cash reimbursements under the Middle Mile Grant Program as of September 30, 2024. 

Note 15. 

. 

Note 16. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred charges and other assets Noncurrent assets held for sale LIABILITIES Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Deferred income taxes Asset retirement obligations Non-current operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Noncurrent liabilities held for sale 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations consist of the following for the periods: 
 (in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service revenue and other Operating expenses: Cost of services Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization 
 Total operating expenses Operating income Other income: 
 Gain on sale of disposition of Tower Portfolio 
 Other income (expense) 
 ) Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Consummation of the sale triggered the recognition of approximately million of incremental transaction costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , for contingent deal advisory fees and legal expenses, which are netted against the gain on sale of disposition of Tower Portfolio. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). When used in this report, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, will, should, could or plan and similar expressions as they relate to Shenandoah Telecommunications Company or its management are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. All statements regarding Shenandoah Telecommunications Company s expected future financial position, operating results and cash flows, business strategy, financing plans, forecasted trends relating to the markets in which Shenandoah Telecommunications Company operates and similar matters are forward-looking statements. We cannot assure you that the Company s expectations expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements will turn out to be correct. The Company s actual results could be materially different from its expectations because of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Form 10-K ). The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-Q are made only as of the date of the statement. We undertake no obligation to revise or update such statements to reflect current events or circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 
 
 The following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2023 Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes included therein. 

Overview 
 
 Shenandoah Telecommunications Company Shentel , we , our , us , or the Company is a provider of a comprehensive range of broadband communication services in seven contiguous states in the eastern United States. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Horizon Transaction 
 
 On April 1, 2024 (the Closing Date ), Shentel completed its previously announced acquisition of Horizon Acquisition Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Horizon ), pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 24, 2023, by and among Shentel, Horizon, the sellers set forth on the signature pages thereto (each, a Seller and collectively, the Sellers and the other parties thereto (as amended by the First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 1, 2024, the Merger Agreement ). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, Shentel acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Horizon in exchange for (i) issuing 4,100,375 shares of Shentel s common stock, no par value Common Stock ), to an investment fund managed by affiliates of GCM Grosvenor, which is one of the Sellers (the Selling Shareholder and (ii) paying 305 million in cash consideration to the other Sellers and certain third parties, including Horizon s existing lenders to discharge debt (collectively, the Horizon Transaction ). Cash consideration paid also included purchase price adjustments for capital expenditure reimbursements and working capital subject to subsequent adjustments as defined in the merger agreement. The Selling Shareholder agreed to an investor rights agreement with the Company that includes among other provision, a one year lockup period for the shares of Common Stock received. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, Acquisition of Horizon, for more information regarding the Horizon Transaction and its impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, on October 24, 2023,, Shentel and Shentel Broadband Holding Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shentel Shentel Broadband ), entered into an investment agreement (the Investment Agreement with ECP Fiber Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ECP Investor ), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Hill City Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership affiliated with ECP Investor. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Investment Agreement, on the Closing Date, Shentel Broadband issued to ECP Investor 81,000 shares of Shentel Broadband s 7 Series A Participating Exchangeable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of 1,000 per share in exchange for 81 million in cash. The Series A Preferred Stock is exchangeable at the option of the Investor or Shentel in certain circumstances for shares of Common Stock at an exchange price of 24.50 per share (as it may be adjusted pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Exchange Price ). 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 As a condition to closing the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement and Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, Shentel completed a corporate reorganization of Shentel s subsidiaries (the Reorganization ). As a result of the Reorganization effected on the Closing Date, Shentel Broadband Operations LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shentel Broadband, holds or has equity interest in substantially all of the operating assets of Shentel and was assigned and assumed the Credit Agreement. 
 
 On the Closing Date, Shentel Broadband filed a certificate of designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware authorizing 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and setting forth the powers, designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations ). The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to Shentel s Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and with respect to the distribution of assets upon Shentel Broadband s liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accrue at 7 per annum compounded and payable quarterly in arrears, and, at Shentel s option, may be paid in cash or in kind (such dividends paid in kind, PIK Dividends ). The PIK Dividend rate is subject to increase to 8.5 and 10 after the fifth and seventh anniversaries of the Closing Date, respectively, to the extent any dividends accrued during the period from and including such anniversary dates are paid in the form of PIK Dividends. 
 
 Beginning two years after the Closing Date, Shentel may require the Investor to exchange the Series A Preferred Stock for shares of Common Stock if the price per share of the Common Stock exceeds 125 of the Exchange Price, subject to certain conditions. After five years, Shentel may redeem all of the Series A Preferred Stock for the greater of (i) 1,000 per share, plus (a) any accrued PIK Dividend amount and (b) accrued and unpaid dividends to, but excluding the redemption date (to the extent such accrued and unpaid dividends are not included in such PIK Dividend amount), and (ii) the value of the shares of Common Stock for which such Series A Preferred Stock are exchangeable. 
 
 Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Investor has the right to nominate a director to the Board so long as the Investor beneficially owns at least 7.5 of Shentel s outstanding Common Stock (including on an as exchanged basis with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock). 
 
 So long as the Investor beneficially owns at least 7.5 of Shentel s outstanding Common Stock (including on an as exchanged basis with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock), the Investor is subject to certain standstill provisions and voting covenants and has certain other rights with respect to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including, among others, pre-emptive, information and participation rights. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock are subject to a lock-up until the first anniversary of the Closing Date and are subject to certain other transfer restrictions. 
 
 Refer to Note 12, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, for more information regarding the Series A Preferred Stock and its impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 
 
 On April 1, 2024, Shentel entered into Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, Incremental Term Loan Funding Agreement, Joinder and Assignment and Assumption (the Third Amendment to its existing Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2021, with various financial institutions party thereto (the Lenders and CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent for the Lenders (as previously amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023, and Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated October 24, 2023, the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Third Amendment provides for, among other things, incremental delay draw term loan commitments under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount equal to 225 million and an increase in the revolving commitment under the Credit Agreement in an amount equal to 50 million. Refer to Note 9, Debt, for more information regarding the Credit Agreement. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The Company s consolidated results from operations are summarized as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 of Revenue 2023 of Revenue External revenue Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets 44,225 50.5 43,679 64.8 546 1.3 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets 15,100 17.2 9,325 13.8 5,775 61.9 Commercial Fiber 20,257 23.1 10,415 15.5 9,842 94.5 RLEC Other 8,017 9.2 3,990 5.9 4,027 100.9 Total revenue 87,599 100.0 67,409 100.0 20,190 30.0 Operating expenses Cost of services 34,415 39.3 26,268 39.0 8,147 31.0 Selling, general and administrative 28,006 32.0 22,952 34.0 5,054 22.0 Integration and acquisition 1,673 1.9 1,146 1.7 527 46.0 Impairment expense 1,532 2.3 (1,532) (100.0) Depreciation and amortization 27,681 31.6 16,121 23.9 11,560 71.7 Total operating expenses 91,775 104.8 68,019 100.9 23,756 34.9 Operating loss 
 (4,176) (4.8) (610) (0.9) (3,566) NMF Other (expense) income: 
 Other (expense) income, net (2,670) (3.0) 826 1.2 (3,496) NMF (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes (6,846) (7.8) 216 0.3 (7,062) NMF Income tax (benefit) expense (1,542) (1.8) 399 0.6 (1,941) NMF Loss from continuing operations (5,304) (6.1) (183) (0.3) (5,121) NMF Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 41 1,776 2.6 (1,735) (97.7) Net (loss) income (5,263) (6.0) 1,593 2.4 (6,856) NMF Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 1,638 1.9 1,638 Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders (6,901) (7.9) 1,593 2.4 (8,494) NMF 
 
 Shentel updated the description for revenues previously reported as Residential SMB - Cable Markets to Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets and updated the description for revenues previously reported as Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Markets to Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets. 
 
 Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets revenue 
 Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 0.5 million, or 1.3 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 1.8 million of revenue from Horizon, partially offset by a 1.3 million decline in the legacy Shentel markets due to lower video and other revenue. 
 
 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets revenue 
 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 5.8 million, or 61.9 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 0.5 million of revenue from Horizon, a 54 year-over-year growth in data revenue generated units RGUs and a 7 increase in data average revenue per unit ARPU"). 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Fiber revenue 
 Commercial Fiber revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 9.8 million, or 94.5 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 11.3 million of revenue from Horizon, partially offset by a 1.4 million decline in T-Mobile revenue in the legacy Shentel markets from the previously disclosed backhaul circuit disconnects as part of the decommissioning of the former Sprint network. 
 
 RLEC Other revenue 
 RLEC Other revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 4.0 million, or 100.9 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 3.3 million of revenue from Horizon and an increase in governmental support revenue. 
 
 Cost of services 
 Cost of services for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased approximately 8.1 million, or 31.0 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 8.6 million of cost of services from Horizon and 0.4 million decline in the legacy Shentel markets due primarily to lower programming costs as customers continue to migrate to other video service alternatives. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 5.1 million, or 22.0 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 3.7 million of selling, general and administrative costs from Horizon and higher advertising and sales headcount to support the Glo Fiber expansion. 
 
 Integration and acquisition 
 Integration and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 0.5 million compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by non-recurring acquisition-related costs related to the Horizon Transaction and integration of Horizon and Shentel s operating activities. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 11.6 million, or 71.7 , compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 8.3 million of depreciation and amortization related to acquired tangible and intangible assets from Horizon and the Company s expansion of its Glo Fiber network. 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other expense, net was 2.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with other income, net of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense due to a higher outstanding debt balance during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 The Company recognized 1.5 million of income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 0.4 million of income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.9 million increase in income tax benefit was driven by higher pre-tax loss from continuing operations during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The Company s consolidated results from operations are summarized as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change in thousands) 2024 of Revenue 2023 of Revenue External revenue Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets 133,555 55.0 132,838 66.0 717 0.5 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets 41,311 17.0 24,492 12.2 16,819 68.7 Commercial Fiber 49,555 20.4 32,366 16.1 17,189 53.1 RLEC Other 18,225 7.5 11,522 5.7 6,703 58.2 Total revenue 242,646 100.0 201,218 100.0 41,428 20.6 Operating expenses Cost of services 94,941 39.1 76,451 38.0 18,490 24.2 Selling, general and administrative 86,223 35.5 74,021 36.8 12,202 16.5 Integration and acquisition 13,616 5.6 1,578 0.8 12,038 NMF Impairment expense 2,552 1.3 (2,552) (100.0) Depreciation and amortization 70,703 29.1 47,037 23.4 23,666 50.3 Total operating expenses 265,483 109.4 201,639 100.2 63,844 31.7 Operating loss (22,837) (9.4) (421) (0.2) (22,416) NMF Other (expense) income: 
 Other (expense) income, net (7,098) (2.9) 2,120 1.1 (9,218) NMF (Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes (29,935) (12.3) 1,699 0.8 (31,634) NMF Income tax (benefit) expense (7,768) (3.2) 2,540 1.3 (10,308) NMF Loss from continuing operations (22,167) (9.1) (841) (0.4) (21,326) NMF Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 218,728 90.1 6,290 3.1 212,438 NMF Net income 
 196,561 81.0 5,449 2.7 191,112 NMF Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 1,638 0.7 1,638 Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 194,923 80.3 5,449 2.7 189,474 NMF 
 
 Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets revenue 
 Residential SMB - Incumbent Broadband Markets revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 0.7 million, or 0.5 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 3.6 million of revenue from Horizon, partially offset by a 3.0 million decline in the legacy Shentel markets due primarily due to lower video revenue and a 1 decline in data RGUs. 
 
 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets revenue 
 Residential SMB - Glo Fiber Expansion Markets revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 16.8 million, or 68.7 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 1.0 million of revenue from Horizon, a 59 year-over-year growth in data RGUs driven by the Company s expansion of Glo Fiber and a 8 increase in data ARPU. 
 
 Commercial Fiber revenue 
 Commercial Fiber revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 17.2 million, or 53.1 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 22.2 million of revenue from Horizon, partially offset by a 5.0 million decline in T-Mobile revenue in the legacy Shentel markets from the previously disclosed backhaul circuit disconnects as part of the decommissioning of the former Sprint network. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

RLEC Other revenue 
 RLEC Other revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased approximately 6.7 million, or 58.2 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 6.9 million of revenue from Horizon and an increase in governmental support revenue. 
 
 Cost of services 
 Cost of services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased approximately 18.5 million, or 24.2 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 17.5 million of cost of services from Horizon and 1.0 million in higher maintenance costs in the legacy Shentel markets. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 12.2 million, or 16.5 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 7.8 million of recurring selling, general and administrative costs acquired from Horizon and 4.4 million in higher expenses in the legacy Shentel markets due to higher advertising costs and sales headcount associated with the Company s expansion of Glo Fiber and higher software maintenance expenses associated with system upgrades. 
 
 Integration and acquisition 
 Integration and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 12.0 million compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by non-recurring Horizon acquisition-related costs related to banking, legal, accounting, severance and other similar expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 23.7 million, or 50.3 , compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 16.7 million of depreciation and amortization related to acquired tangible and intangible assets from Horizon and the Company s expansion of its Glo Fiber network. 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other expense, net was 7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with other income, net of 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense due to a higher outstanding debt balance during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, partially offset by patronage income recorded as a result of patronage distributions received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 The Company recognized 7.8 million of income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.5 million of income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 10.3 million increase in income tax benefit was driven by higher pre-tax loss from continuing operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Information 
 
 Shentel provides broadband internet, video and voice services to residential and commercial customers in portions of Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Delaware, Ohio and Indiana, via fiber optic and hybrid fiber coaxial cable networks. We also lease dark fiber and provide Ethernet and Wavelength fiber optic services to enterprise and wholesale customers throughout the entirety of our service area. Shentel s Broadband business also provides voice and DSL telephone services as a Rural Local Exchange Carrier RLEC to customers in Shenandoah County and portions of adjacent counties in Virginia, and in Ross County and portions of adjacent counties in Ohio. These integrated networks are connected by over 16,300 route miles of fiber. 
 
 The following table indicates selected operating statistics: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Homes and businesses passed (1) 553,877 415,971 Incumbent Broadband Markets (4) 234,366 213,317 Glo Fiber Expansion Markets (5) 319,511 202,654 Residential Small and Medium Business ("SMB") Revenue Generating Units ("RGUs"): Broadband Data 170,586 146,797 Incumbent Broadband Markets (4) 111,320 109,404 Glo Fiber Expansion Markets (5) 59,266 37,393 Video 41,192 44,050 Voice 44,389 40,699 Total Residential SMB RGUs (excludes RLEC) 
 256,167 231,546 Residential SMB Penetration (2) Broadband Data 30.8 35.3 Incumbent Broadband Markets (4) 47.5 51.3 Glo Fiber Expansion Markets (5) 18.5 18.5 Video 7.4 10.6 Voice 8.3 10.2 Residential SMB Average Revenue per User ("ARPU") (6) Broadband Data 83.65 80.95 Incumbent Broadband Markets (4) 84.64 82.22 Glo Fiber Expansion Markets (5) 81.70 77.00 Video 116.26 105.72 Voice 24.69 25.14 Fiber route miles 16,357 9,387 Total fiber miles (3) 1,825,122 813,273 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 (1) Homes and businesses are considered passed passings if we can connect them to our network without further extending the distribution system. Passings is an estimate based upon the best available information. Passings will vary among video, broadband data and voice services. 
 (2) Penetration is calculated by dividing the number of users by the number of passings or available homes, as appropriate. 
 (3) Total fiber miles are measured by taking the number of fiber strands in a cable and multiplying that number by the route distance. For example, a 10 mile route with 144 fiber strands would equal 1,440 fiber miles. 
 (4) I ncumbent Broadband Markets consists of Shentel Incumbent Cable Markets and Horizon Incumbent Telephone Markets with Fiber-To-The-Home FTTH passings. 
 (5) Glo Fiber Expansion Markets consists of FTTH passings in greenfield expansion markets in the Shentel and former Horizon markets. 
 (6) Average Revenue Per RGU calculation = (Residential SMB Revenue) / average RGUs / 3 months. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash: The Company s principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, government grants and borrowings under our Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2021 (as amended by (i) Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023, (ii) Consent and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2023, and Amendment No. 3, dated as of April 1, 2024, the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement contains (i) a 150 million, available revolving credit facility due June 2026 (the Revolver ), (ii) a 150 million delayed draw amortizing term loan due June 2026 Term Loan A-1 ), (iii) a 150 million delayed draw amortizing term loan due June 2028 Term Loan A-2 ), and (iv) a 225 million delayed draw amortizing term loan due June 2028 Term Loan A-3 and collectively with Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2, the Term Loans ). 
 
 In 2021, Congress passed the American Rescue Plan Act to subsidize the deployment of high-speed broadband internet access in unserved areas. We have been awarded approximately 86 million in grants to serve approximately 25,000 unserved homes in the states of Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland. The grants will be paid to the Company as certain milestones are completed. As of September 30, 2024, the Company received 13 million and had 73 million in grants available. The Company expects to fulfill the majority of its obligations under these programs by 2026. 
 
 Prior to the Horizon Transaction, Horizon entered into agreements with the Department of Development in Ohio under the state s Ohio Residential Broadband Expansion program. As part of these agreements, Horizon committed to expand its broadband network resulting in total project costs of 57.4 million, with government matching grants totaling 30.1 million. Approximately 18.0 million of the grant was paid to Horizon up-front, while the remainder will be paid upon the achievement of specified milestones. Shentel assumed these agreements as a result of the Horizon Transaction and is therefore obligated under these programs to continue the build-out of this network. If Shentel fails to complete the build-out, Shentel may be required to repay a portion or all of the grant that Horizon received prior to the acquisition. Horizon was also granted 27.5 million by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration under its Middle Mile Grant Program. As of September 30, 2024, the Company received 18 million and had 39 million available under both grants. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 43 million, the availability under our Revolver and Term Loan A-3 was 318 million, and the remaining reimbursements available under government grants was 112 million, which are subject to fulfilling the terms of the agreements, for total available liquidity of approximately 473 million. As discussed in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Other Information in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, Shentel entered into various agreements on April 1, 2024, which affected the Company s liquidity. The Company utilized approximately 349 million to fund the Horizon Transaction, including payment of certain capital expenditures and payments for various transaction costs. Furthermore, the Company received 81 million in exchange for the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock. Finally, the Company amended its Credit Agreement, resulting in incremental delay draw term loan commitments under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate amount equal to 225 million and an increase in the revolving commitment under the Credit Agreement of 50 million. 
 
 As discussed above, Shentel sold its Tower Portfolio for 309.9 million in cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The majority of these cash proceeds was used to fund Shentel s purchase of Horizon Telcom on April 1, 2024. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was approximately 48.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing a decrease of 33.9 million compared with the prior year period, primarily driven by lower current tax refunds received during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and changes in working capital. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was approximately 560.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 389.9 million compared with the prior year period, primarily driven by the payment of 349.4 million to acquire Horizon and to cover transaction costs related to the acquisition, a 37.1 million increase in capital expenditures driven by expansion of Glo Fiber and government-subsidized markets and a 17.3 million decrease in sales of assets, partially offset by 11.1 million of grants received related to government funded infrastructure expansion programs. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was approximately 117.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, representing an increase of 44.3 million compared with the prior year period, primarily driven by the issuance of 79.4 million in Shentel s Series A Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs, partially offset by 25 million in lower borrowings against Shentel s Credit Agreement, 4.3 million in higher cash outflows for debt amendment costs, 4.8 million in cash outflows for principal payments on outstanding debt. 
 
 Indebtedness : To date, Shentel has borrowed 150 million under each of Term Loans A-1 and A-2; and 50 million under Term Loan A-3 available under the Credit Agreement for a total of 350 million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s indebtedness totaled approximately 344.6 million, net of unamortized loan fees of 0.6 million. The borrowed amounts bear 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 interest at a variable rate determined by one-month term SOFR, plus a margin based on net leverage. The interest rate was 6.45 for Term Loan A-1, 6.70 for Term Loan A-2, and 6.95 for Term Loan A-3 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Shentel s Term Loans require quarterly principal repayments based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. Term Loan A-1 requires quarterly repayments of 1.25 quarterly from September 30, 2024 through March 31, 2026, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2026. Term Loan A-2 requires quarterly principal repayments of 0.25 from March 31, 2024 through March 31, 2028, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2028. Term Loan A-3 requires quarterly principal repayments of 0.25 from June 30, 2025 through March 31, 2027; then increasing to 1.25 quarterly from June 30, 2027 through March 31, 2028, with the remaining balance due July 1, 2028. 
 
 Refer to Note 9, Debt , in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for more information about the Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants in our Credit Agreement. 
 
 We expect our cash on hand, cash flows from continuing operations, and availability of funds from our Credit Agreement as well as government grants will be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business operations for the next twelve months. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our capital expenditures of 226.5 million exceeded our net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations by 178.1 million, and we expect our capital expenditures to exceed the cash flows provided from continuing operations through 2026, as we expand our Glo Fiber broadband network. 
 
 The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ materially from our estimates depending on the demand for our products and services, new market developments and expansion opportunities. 
 
 Our cash flows from operations could be adversely affected by events outside our control, including, without limitation, changes in overall economic conditions including rising inflation, regulatory requirements, changes in technologies, changes in competition, demand for our products and services, availability of labor resources and capital, natural disasters, pandemics and outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments, such as COVID-19, and other conditions. Our ability to attract and maintain a sufficient customer base is critical to our ability to maintain positive cash flows from operations. The foregoing events individually or collectively could affect our results. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies previously disclosed in Part II, Item 8 of our 2023 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have borrowed a total of 350 million pursuant to the variable rate delayed draw Term Loans available under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2023, Shentel has borrowed the full amount available under our Term Loans A-1 and A-2. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 345.2 million of gross variable rate debt outstanding, bearing interest at 6.45 , 6.70 , and 6.95 for Term Loan A-1, Term Loan A-2, and Term Loan A-3, respectively. An increase in market interest rates of 1.00 would add approximately 3.4 million to annual interest expense. 
 
 In May 2023, Shentel entered into pay fixed, receive variable interest rate swaps totaling 150.0 million of notional principal (the Swaps ). The Swaps contain monthly payment terms that became effective in May 2024 which extend through their maturity dates in June 2026. The Swaps are designated as cash flow hedges, representing 50 of the Company s Term Loan A-1 and A-2 outstanding debt. The Company uses the Swaps to manage its exposure to interest rate risk for a portion of its long-term variable-rate Term Loans through interest rate swaps. When the Swaps payments term began, Shentel effectively pays a fixed weighted-average interest rate of 2.90 , prior to interest rate margin provided under our credit facility. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Principal Accounting Officer (the certifying officers) have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of September 30, 2024. Our certifying officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 On April 1, 2024, Shentel completed its acquisition of Horizon Acquisition Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Horizon and has implemented new processes and internal controls to assist us in the preparation and disclosure of financial information related to Horizon s business. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidance allows companies to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of the internal control over financial reporting during the first year following an acquisition while integrating the acquired company. Given the significance of the Horizon acquisition and the complexity of its systems and business processes, the Company has excluded, and intends to continue excluding the acquired Horizon business from our assessment and report on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. Other than as discussed above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are currently involved in, and may in the future become involved in, legal proceedings, claims and investigations in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of these legal proceedings, claims and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of any matters that we are currently involved in are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such proceedings, claims, and investigations may nonetheless impose a significant burden on management and employees and be costly to defend, with unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We discuss in our Annual Report on Form 10-K various risks that may materially affect our business. We use this section to update this discussion to reflect material developments since our Form 10-K was filed. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not identified any needed updates to the risk factors included in our most recent Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 In conjunction with the vesting of stock awards or exercise of stock options, the grantees may surrender awards necessary to cover the statutory tax withholding requirements and any amounts required to cover stock option strike prices associated with the transaction. The following table provides information about shares surrendered during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, to settle employee tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of stock awards. 
 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Number of Shares Surrendered Average Price Paid per Share July 1 to July 31 August 1 to August 31 September 1 to September 30 Total 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. Exhibits Index 
 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32 
 Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. (101) Formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the Exchange Act. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SHENANDOAH TELECOMMUNICATIONS COMPANY /s/ James J. Volk James J. Volk Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 shenex31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Christopher E. French, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Shenandoah Telecommunications Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (1) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (2) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (3) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (4) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (1) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (2) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

S CHRISTOPHER E. FRENCH 
 Christopher E. French, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 shenex31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James J. Volk, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Shenandoah Telecommunications Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (1) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (2) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (3) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (4) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (1) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (2) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s JAMES J. VOLK 
 James J. Volk, Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 shenex3209302024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer, of Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (the Company ), hereby certifies that, on the date hereof 
 
 (1) The quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 
 S CHRISTOPHER E. FRENCH Christopher E. French President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 7, 2024 S JAMES J. VOLK James J. Volk Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) November 7, 2024 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act except to the extent this Exhibit 32 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 shen-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 shen-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 shen-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 shen-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 shen-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

