<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1357878_0001472375-24-000090.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2387137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64251</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>572773</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>447456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>592464</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>661874</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472375-24-000090.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104114430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-24-000090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGENEREX PHARMA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001357878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				980479983
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53230
		FILM NUMBER:		241421660

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE, SUITE 177
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-927-5191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5348 VEGAS DRIVE, SUITE 177
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89108

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEPTIDE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eternelle Skincare Products Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170621

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEPTIDE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472375-24-000090.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 ixform10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Form 10-Q 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

Commission File No.

(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter) 

(State or other
 jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS Employer 

incorporation or
 organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal
executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code 

Indicate by check mark
whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: 

 [X ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate
Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 [ 
 ] 

[ ] 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the
Exchange Act). 

 Yes No [X] 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the
latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding at November 04, 2024 

Common stock, 0.001 par value 

Explanatory Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: 

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements may be identified by such
forward-looking terminology as may, should, expects, intends, plans, 
 anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or
the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Our
forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions,
estimates and projections about our company, are not guarantees of future
results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. We may
not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these
forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially
from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in these forward-looking
statements. Our business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and
uncertainties inherent in our statements regarding: 

our ability to
add new customers. 

 the impacts of
COVID-19, or other future pandemics on our business, results of operations,
financial position, and cash flows. 

 the potential
benefits of and our ability to maintain our relationships and establish or
maintain future collaborations or strategic relationships or obtain additional
funding. 

 our marketing
capabilities and strategy. 

 our ability to
maintain a cost-effective program. 

 our ability to
retain the continued service of our key professionals and to identify, hire and
retain additional qualified professionals. 

 our competitive
position, and developments and projections relating to our competitors and our
industry. 

 our estimates
regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for
additional financing; and 

 the impact of
laws and regulations. 

All of our forward-looking
statements are as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q only. In
each case, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking
information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking
statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material adverse
change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred
to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or included in our other public
disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed
with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake
or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect
actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections or
other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after
the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, even if such results, changes
or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be
realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q will be deemed to modify or
supersede such statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

INDEX TO FORM 10-Q FILING 

 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART
 I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

Balance Sheets 
 5 

Statements of Operations 
 6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 8 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 9 

Item 2. 
 Management Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 

Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 

PART
 II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Mining Safety Disclosures 
 23 

Item 5 
 Other Information 
 23 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 23 

CERTIFICATIONS 

31.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

4 

PART
I 

 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 REGENEREX
PHARMA, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 2024 

March 31, 2024 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Website, net of accumulated amortization of 
 and , as of
 September 30 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Furniture and computer equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , as of September 30 and March 31, 2024,respectively 

Right of use asset 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party advances 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Current portion of notes payable to shareholder 

Current portion of notes payable to related parties 

Current portion of notes payable 

Current portion of leases liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Notes payable to shareholder, net of current portion 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 
 
 - 

- 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit 
 
 () 

() 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

5 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended 

Six Months Ended 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency gain (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Total Other Income (Expense) 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Net Loss 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

6 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Six Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 
 () 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash research and development expenses 

Non-cash extension fee to Greenwich Resources 

Amortization of ROU assets, net of liabilities 

Foreign currency adjustments 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of furniture and computer equipment 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Related party advances, net 

Repayment of notes payable to related parties 

() 

Repayment of notes payable to shareholder 

() 

Proceeds from notes payable to related parties 

Proceeds from notes payable to shareholder 

Proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (Decrease) in cash and equivalents 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash Paid For: 

Income Taxes 

Interest 

Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Accrued interest converted into notes payable to shareholder 

Accrued interest converted into notes payable to related parties 

Operating leases, ROU asset and liabilities 

Note payable issued for acquisition of intellectual property 

Note payable for interest expense 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. 

7 

REGENEREX PHARMA, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Stockholders Deficit 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

() 

() 

Shares and warrants sold for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Shares and warrants sold for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

() 

() 

Shares and warrants sold for cash 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
unaudited financial statements. 

8 

REGENEREX
PHARMA, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

 . 

On November 15, 2021,
the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement in which the Company
purchased certain intellectual property in exchange for shares of
the Company s common stock and up to in contingent consideration to
be paid at the rate of 15 of all gross revenues received from sales or
investment money into the Company, payable on the 15 th of the
following month, for a period of 60 months. 
On
August 17, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement to Purchase Technology
Platforms in which the Company purchased
certain intellectual property in exchange for an interest-free two million four
hundred thousand dollars 2,400,000) note payable that was due August 17,
2024. Since the Company has not raised a minimum of
ten million dollars 10,000,000) in sales within the twelve (12) month period,
or raised a minimum of ten million dollars 10,000,000) in investment, the
seller extended the payments for a further period of twelve (12) months for a
10 payment of the outstanding balance. An
interest-free note payable was issued for 240,000 and is due August 17, 2025. 

The Company received
all rights and title to proprietary wound healing technologies platforms and
formulas involving the application of wound care protocols to treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure
ulcers, burns and surgical wounds. These
unique products strategically position the Company to enter the wound treatment market
in the U.S. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Our
business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and
unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent
in our statements regarding the impacts of COVID-19, or other future pandemics
on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

The Company has a lack of
revenue history and has had a limited history of operations. No
revenue has historically been derived from the assets purchased. Regenerex can give no assurance of success or
profitability to the Company s investors. 

 The wound care healing
space is well suited for Home Care service providers that are funded by the US
Government. Strategic planning and development will be performed internally by
the Company. 

. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company requires
significant cash to launch its business and reduce its payable. Management s plans are to actively seek
capital to enable the Company to add new products and/or services to ultimately
achieve profitability. However, management cannot provide assurance that they
can raise sufficient capital and whether the Company will ultimately achieve
profitability, become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or
equity capital. If the Company is unable
to raise additional capital in the near future or meet financing requirements,
management expects that the Company will need to curtail operations, seek
additional capital on less favorable terms, and/or pursue other remedial
measures. 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company become unable to
continue as a going concern. 

and ,
respectively. 

years. Amortization expense for the three
and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and and 
and , respectively. 

 to five ) years. Depreciation expense for the three and six
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and and and ,
respectively. Significant betterments
are capitalized while purchases under 500 are expensed as incurred. 

to discount each of its
lease liabilities based on the remining lease term. 

percent per annum on July 1, 2019. During the six months ended September 30,
2023, this note was transferred to a relative of the former CFO and was renewed
upon maturity in the principal amount of plus interest accrued as at
June 30, 2023 in the amount of . 
Interest expense was and during the six-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This transaction is no longer considered
related party in nature, and thus is included in notes payable in the
accompanying balance sheet. 

During the
six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s Chief
Financial Officer CFO and the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO advanced the Company monies for operating expenses in the net amount of and
 , respectively. 

The related party advances totaled as of September 30, 2024 and
March 31, 2024. 

Notes Payable to Related Parties 

During the six-month
period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s CFO and the Company s
CEO advanced the Company monies for operating expenses in the amount of 
and , respectively. Repayment during
the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and
 , respectively. The notes are
unsecured and accrue interest at ten ) percent per annum. Repayment is due no later than six months
after the date of issue and range from to . 

During the
six-months ended September 30, 2024, four notes with principal amount of 
that came due during the period was reissued in the amount of which
included the principal amount plus accrued interest of . This note is unsecured and bears interest at
ten ) percent per annum with principal and interest due . 

The related party notes
payable totaled and as at September 30, 2024 and March 31,
2024. Interest expenses were and
 during the six-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, which is included in other accrued liabilities.at September 30,
2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 

Note Payable to Shareholder 

As at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the Company had various
promissory notes with total outstanding principal balances of and ,
respectively, due to a shareholder of the Company. These notes are unsecured, bear interest at
 per annum, and have maturity dates ranging from to . 

During the six-months ended September 30, 2024, sixteen notes with
principal amounts totaling approximately 237,244 Canadian Funds)
that came due during the period were reissued in the total principal amount 256,139 Canadian Funds) which included the principal amount plus accrued
interest of 18,895 Canadian Funds.) 
During the six-months ended September 30, 2024, an additional seven
notes with principal amounts totaling that came due during the period
were reissued in the total principal amount of which included the
principal amount plus accrued interest of . These notes are unsecured and bear interest
at ten ) percent per annum with principal and interest . 

Interest expenses were and during the six-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in other
accrued liabilities at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 

.
The Company received all rights and title to proprietary wound healing
technologies platforms and formulas involving the application of wound care protocols to treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure
ulcers, burns and surgical wounds. These
unique products strategically position the Company to enter and capture a high
proportionate market share in the U.S. 

On August 17, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement to Purchase
Technology Platforms in which the Company purchased certain intellectual
property in exchange for a two million four hundred thousand dollars 2,400,000) note payable. The
intellectual property that was purchased requires further development prior to
the product being finalized and produced so it has been expensed as research
and development. The note
payable was due within twelve (12) months of the date of the agreement and is
included in current liabilities. As the Company did not raise a minimum of ten
million dollars 10,000,000) in sales within twelve (12) months of the
agreement date, or a maximum of ten million dollars 10,000,000) in
investment, the seller extended the payment for a further period of twelve (12)
months for a 10 payment of the outstanding balance which is included in
current liabilities. 

The
Technology Platforms include but are not limited to: 

A. 
 Proteomic research platforms which include proprietary blends. 

B. 
 Combination design Techniques 

C. 
 Patent Pending Proprietary Blends 

D. 
 Patent Pending Formulas 

E. 
 Trademarks and all pending Trademarks 

F. 
 510K USA FDA, information, and Know-how for application 

G. 
 All Clinical trials, (Right to use) 

H. 
 CE mark (International) 

I. 
 Regenerex Library formula incorporated in the Wound Healing Technology. 

J. 
 Wound Healing Technology QBX 

K. 
 Synthetic Compositions of Cations derived from botanical material in the ash of Red- Oak Bark. 

Products: 

1. 
 Xcellderma over the counter product. 

2. 
 Accelerex, combination product as a drug device. 

3. 
 Accelerex in a tube. 

in
contingent consideration to be paid in connection with the November 15, 2021
Related Party Asset Purchase Agreement. Payments made to the Company s CEO and
CFO in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement are as at September
30, 2024 and March 31, 2024. The
outstanding liability of and as at September 30, 2024 and March
31, 2024 respectively is included in other accrued liabilities. 

throughout the term of the lease. On September 6, 2024, the lease agreement was
amended to expire November 1, 2024. The
Company is required to pay for all utilities used on the premises and has paid
a security deposit of which was refunded August 30, 2024. As a result of the lease modification, the
right of use assets and liabilities were remeasured as of the date of
modification, resulting in the reduction in the ROU assets and liabilities of
 59,919, with no material impact on the statement of operations. 

throughout the term of the lease excepting the month of June 2023 the rent is , To commence with production, the plant needs to prepare for FDA inspection which will include inspection of the facility, equipment, and the Company s procedures. We expect to launch production during the Company s third or fourth quarter and will notify the FDA to come into the plant for the inspection at that time. The Company is able to start production while the plant waits for the FDA Inspection. Until the certification is complete, the monthly rent is reduced by forty (40 percent to 10,800. Under this agreement, the Company is also leasing the equipment in the plant facility through five (5) annual rent payments of 10,000, which are due on the 15thday of each June from June 2023 to June 2027. 

During the six-month
periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 the operating lease
cost was and , respectively and is included in general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying financial statements. 

shares of common stock with a par value of 
per share. 

During the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Compay issued and and shares,
respectively, to board members and consultants for services rendered. Total stock-based compensation expense was 
and during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, in connection with these issuances based on the fair value of the
stock on the respective grant dates. 

During the six months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company issued and warrants to board members and
consultants for services rendered with a total grant date fair value of 
and , respectively, Total
stock-based compensation expense of and was recorded in
connection with these awards during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. The warrants are
fully vested and contain an exercise price of per share and expire on
dates ranging from July 1, 2029 to July 1, 2030. 

The warrant fair values were estimated using a Black
Scholes model with a 5-year expected term, risk-free interest rate ranging from
3.58 to 5.19 , a dividend yield of 0 , and an annualized standard deviation of
stock price volatility of 80.0 . The
risk-free interest rate assumptions for options granted is based upon observed
interest rates on the United States government securities appropriate for the
expected term of the equity awards. 

As of the date of this valuation, the Companies stock
was not trading. The volatility was
calculated based on comparable public companies. The Company will continue to monitor peer
companies and other relevant factors used to measure expected volatility for
future equipment award grants, until such time that the Company s Common Stock
has enough market history to use historical volatility. 

The dividend yield assumption for equity awards
granted is based on Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. The Company has never declared or paid any
cash dividends on its Common Stock, and the Company does not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The closing stock price of the Company s common stock
is not available as the Company s stock is not trading. As a result, the Board
of Directors and management determined the fair value of the common stock to be
 0.18 per share based upon an allocation of the recent cash price paid for
common stock and warrants during the six months ended September 30, 2024. 

During the six-month period ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company issued 50,000 and 343,250 shares of common stock with a
par value of 0.001 for the price of one 1) dollar per share for a total of
for a total of 50,000 and 343,250, respectively. One warrant was issued for each share
purchased during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 for a total of
50,000 warrants. Five warrants were issued for each share purchased during the
six-month period ended September 30, 2023, for a total of 1,716,250
warrants. The warrants are exercisable
at twenty 0.20) cents and expire from April 2025 through August 2026. 

As of September 30, 2024, warrants had been
issued and vested. None of the warrants
have been exercised. 

were reissued in the principal
amount of which included the original principal amount of 94,672 plus
interest accrued in the amount of . Repayment of the notes are due within
six (6) months of the date of renewal. 

Subsequent to the six-month period ended
September 30, 2024 two additional notes to a shareholder that was originally
due October and November 3, 2024 with a principal amount of approximately 
US Funds 31,320 Canadian funds) was reissued in the principal amount of
approximately US Funds 35,316 Canadian Funds) which included the
original principal amount of approximately 23,000 US Funds 31,320 Canadian
funds) plus interest accrued in the amount of approximately US Funds 3,996
Canadian Funds). Repayment of the note
is due within six (6) months of the date of renewal. 

15 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

In this Quarterly Report,
 Company, our company, us, and our refer to Regenerex Pharma, Inc. unless
the context requires otherwise. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The following information
contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
statements that estimate the happening of future events and are not based on
historical fact. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of
forward-looking terminology, such as may, could, expect, estimate, 
 anticipate, plan, predict, probable, possible, should, continue, 
or similar terms, variations of those terms or the negative of those terms. The
forward-looking statements specified in the following information have been
compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and
considered by management to be reasonable. Our future operating results,
however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty
is to be inferred from those forward-looking statements. 

Estimated COVID-19 impacts and uncertainties 

 COVID-19
has severely impacted, and is expected to continue to impact, the economies of
the U.S. and other countries around the world COVID-19 has created significant
public health concerns as well as significant volatility, uncertainty, and
economic disruption in every region in which we operate, all of which have
adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our industries and our
business operations. Further, financial and credit markets have experienced and
may again experience volatility. 

Beginning
in our first fiscal quarter of 2020, the novel coronavirus known as
 COVID-19" began to spread throughout the world, resulting in a global
pandemic. The pandemic triggered a significant downturn in global commerce as
early as February 2020 and the challenging market conditions continued
throughout the second half of fiscal 2020; through 2021 and into the first half
of fiscal 2022 and may continue for an extended period of time. 

COVID-19
continues to affect global economic conditions. 
The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains fluid, and we are actively
managing our response in collaboration with team members and business partners
and assessing potential impacts to our financial position and operating
results, as well as developments in our business. 

Operations and New Developments 

On November 15, 2021,
the Company entered into an Related Party Asset Purchase Agreement in which the
Company purchased certain intellectual property in exchange for 150,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock and up to 10,000,000 in contingent
consideration to be paid at the rate of 15 of all gross revenues received from
sales or investment money into the Company, payable on the 15 th of
the following month, for a period of 60 months. 

On August 17, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement to Purchase
Technology Platforms in which the Company
purchased certain intellectual property in exchange for a two million four
hundred thousand dollars 2,400,000) interest-free due August 17, 2024. The note payable was due within twelve (12)
months of the date of the agreement. As
the Company has not raised a minimum of ten million dollars 10,000,000) in
sales within twelve (12) months, or a maximum of ten million dollars 10,000,000) in investment, the seller extended the payments for a further
period of twelve (12) months for an interest-free promissory note of 10 of the
balance outstanding on August 17, 2024 for a total of two hundred forty
thousand 240,000) which is due August 17, 2025. 

The Company received
all rights and title to proprietary wound healing technologies platforms and
formulas involving the application of wound care protocols to treat all wounds, such as diabetic ulcers, pressure
ulcers, burns and surgical wounds. These
unique products strategically position the Company to enter and capture a high
proportionate market share in the U.S. 

Currently
management is engaged in developing managed care agreements with southeastern
states to manage their Medicaid wound care patients. Regenerex would provide our
wound care products and protocols which would result in a large savings for the
state Medicaid population. The Company is also in the process of negotiating
with several distributors in various Middle Eastern countries to provide the
Company's products. 

16 

Business
of Issuer 

The
business of Regenerex Pharma, Inc., (the Company or Regenerex Pharma, ), is
to develop and market Woundcare Healing products. The Company has three technologies for
different types of wound conditions. 

The first is for closing chronic wounds, 

the second is for accelerating closure of acute or surgical wounds, and 

the third solves the issue on contamination of all types of wounds including the destruction of biofilms . 

The
current
product technology provides the Company a number of complete wound care
protocols to treat all wounds, such as
diabetic ulcers, pressure ulcers, burns and surgical wounds. These unique products strategically position
the Company to enter and capture a high proportionate market share in the U.S.
and global markets. 

Products: 

1. 
 Xcellderma OTC - Liquid Bandage Skin Protectant Xcellderma products are sterile wound dressings and are effective for treating diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers, and other chronic wounds. During the last several years, a scientific and medical consensus has emerged that elevated protease levels impede wound healing. QBx the active ingredient down regulates the production of certain proteases and matrix metalloproteases, or MMPs, which are protein enzymes that are proven to impede the healing of a majority of chronic wounds. Approximately 80 of chronic wounds display elevated levels of proteases (including MMPs). 

2. 
 Accelerex Sterile Wound Cream - The first commercially available medical device, Accelerex, is for the treatment of a wide variety of chronic and acute wounds. Accelerex is a custom-designed, FDA and CE approved unit-dose, sterile wound dressing impregnated with an ointment containing QBx. Chronic wounds are generally defined as wounds that have not healed after thirty days of consistent clinical treatment, and include diabetic ulcers, burns, pressure ulcers (bedsores), and venous stasis ulcers. The Company s broadly enabling technology was discovered from oak bark extract and referred to as QBx . 

3. 
 Accelerex Impregnated Sterile Wound Dressing - For use as a wound dressing to manage pressure ulcers (stages I-IV), stasis ulcers, diabetic skin ulcers, skin irritations, cuts, and abrasions. FDA-cleared, prescription-only combination device that blends the benefits of a wound dressing with two drug components. Provides 3 modes of action to help treat acute and chronic wounds: Protective dressing, moisturizing ointment and 2 drug components: rubidium chloride and potassium chloride. 

Regenerex System has been shown in many clinical
trials to successfully close up to 95 of non-responding chronic wounds within
90 days. The wounds clinically tested had already been subject to current
protocols of treatment and failed to heal. Competitive clinical trials
indicated there isn t another System that has the ability to close chronic
wounds at these levels and speed. Not only does the System close chronic wounds
relatively quickly but it does so at a very reasonable cost. 

QBx contributes to setting up a suitable
environment to allow wounds to close. Other than the products
marketed by the Company, there are no products currently available on the
market that are successful in healing chronic, non-healing wounds through the
down regulation of proteases. Other modern wound dressings such as hydrocolloids and
collagens absorb wound fluids, but these dressings do not impact the cellular
environment with simple gauze and gauze-like dressings to cover and protect the
wound. 

Our QBx technology is the most efficacious, and
clinically proven Chronic wound Care product in the world. Chronic wounds are those that fail to progress
through a normal, orderly, and timely sequence of repair. They are not only
characterized by delayed healing for weeks, months, or even years, but also by
a resistance to treatment with conventional dressings and therapies. They
impart a particularly devastating financial and quality-of-life burden on
individuals suffering from the wounds and are frustrating for the caregivers
and clinicians who attempt to manage, but fail to heal, these wounds. 

17 

Non-healing chronic
wounds are thought to be a consequence of factors that affect both the
production of new tissue and the elevated destruction of existing tissue.
Biochemically, these wounds appear to be stuck in a catabolic, inflammatory
phase that is hostile to local growth factors and the activity of fibroblasts
and keratinocytes. Increases in matrix
metalloproteinases (MMPs) MMP-2 and MMP-9 are of significance in non-healing
chronic wounds. 

MMPs are a group of
zinc-containing proteolytic enzymes that play an important role in the
remodeling of the extracellular matrix of wounds. An overproduction of MMPs may result in
degradation of the extracellular matrix and inactivation of vital growth
factors. A precisely orchestrated
balance of MMP production and their natural inhibitors (TIMPs) is needed. 

Additionally, it is
theorized that wounds stuck in the inflammatory phase persistently overproduce
free radicals or reactive oxygen species (ROS). 
At low concentration and early in the inflammatory phase of wound
healing, ROS such as hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), have a positive effect on
healing through stimulation of fibroblast proliferation. However, persistent
overproduction of ROS is thought to be detrimental to healing. A new treatment strategy has emerged focused
upon manipulating the expression of genes which control the endogenous
production of MMPs and TIMPs within the local wound environment. Contrary to modalities designed to sequester
MMPs and/or act as a competitive substrate for protease activity, this
technology strategy relies on delivery of metal ions into the wound to help
regulate gene expression for the production of MMPs and TIMPs, thus bringing
them into balance. These metal ions are delivered via a polyethylene glycol
based, QBx ointment, which also contains citric acid to help normalize wound
pH and reduce ROS activity. The QBx ointment is delivered via a tube or an
acetylated regenerated cellulose carrier which allows for the passage of wound
drainage and is non-fiber shedding. The entire composition is marketed as our
primary wound dressing called Accelerex . 

Approximately 80 of chronic wounds display
elevated levels of MMPs.
Traditionally, however, these wounds have been managed with simple gauze and
gauze-like dressings to cover and protect the wound. Other modern wound dressings such as
hydrocolloids and collagens absorb wound fluids, but these dressings do not
impact the cellular environment. This void in the treatment regimen offers a
unique market advantage. QBx contributes to creating a suitable environment to
allow wounds to close. These formularies are based on Proteases Down
Regulating Technology and provide the System for a comprehensive suite of wound
care products focused on the treatment of chronic wounds. 

Chronic
wounds impose significant costs to the US economy. Chronic wounds are a growing issue in the
United States, causing immense patient pain and suffering as well as
substantial economic and social cost. 
Although precise information on the prevalence of chronic wounds in the
US is unavailable, it is estimated that, as of 2021, there were more than 8.3
million Americans suffering from chronic wounds. Chronic wounds are generally defined as
wounds that have not healed after ninety days of consistent clinical treatment,
and include diabetic foot ulcers, pressure ulcers (bedsores), and venous stasis
ulcers, however this does not include acute wounds. 

The
most common chronic wounds are diabetic foot ulcers and pressure ulcers. The increasing number of Americans with
diabetes and obesity we well as the aging population will likely cause the
number of individuals with chronic wounds to continue to rise. In addition to the immeasurable human
benefits of improving treatment outcomes, there would be substantial economic
effect. The costs of medical treatment
could be expected to decrease, and, as patients are able to return to work
sooner, productivity would increase. 

Due to the staggering
costs associated with chronic wounds in the US, the Affordable Healthcare Act
(AHA) is changing how the entire wound care system is reimbursed in the US. Now
all four markets segments: hospital, nursing homes, home health, and general
wound care clinics are all on paid on a pay for performance basis. These cost pressures in the healthcare system
are a major issue in the wound care market, with the US government and payors
seeking new approaches that address cost constraints and product
performance. Home health is now paid on
a diagnostic code for the wound in single payments removing the risk from the
Payee to the Payer. The Company s first
markets will be those segments that are totally at risk for single payments
to close the wounds. Today, the fastest
growing segment in the US wound market is Home Health and Nursing Homes due to
the aging population. 

18 

The Company has purchased proprietary wound care
formulations, and has entered into an agreement, dated June 10, 2023, with
Woundcare Labs, LLC to lease a plant and equipment in Tennessee. We expect to launch our sales initiative
during the Company s third or fourth quarter of our year end March 31, 2025. 

Currently management is
engaged in developing managed care agreements with southeastern states to
manage their Medicaid wound care patients. Regenerex would provide our wound
care products and protocols which would result in a large savings for the state
Medicaid population. The Company is also in the process of negotiating with
several distributors in various Middle Eastern countries to provide the
Company's products. The Company has engaged into an agreement as of June 11,
2023, in the amount of 45,000, with First Forte Consultancy in the UAE to
assist in meetings and road shows, introducing potential clients for
distribution of the companies wound care product. 22,500 was paid June 15,
2023, and the balance of 22,500 is to be paid after the road shows and
meetings are completed, in the Company s third or fourth quarter. 

Financial Results and Trends 

Results of Operations for the Six Months Ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 

At present, the
Company has 0 revenue during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023. Net loss decreased
from 2,987,024 for the six months ended September 30, 2023 to 802,132 for the
six months ended September 30, 2024 due to reduction in research and
development expenses, lower stock-based compensation, and administration
expense, offset by a lesser increase in payroll expenses and interest expense. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company requires
significant cash to launch its business and reduce its payable. Management s plans are to actively seek
capital to enable the Company to add new products and/or services to ultimately
achieve profitability. However, management cannot provide assurance that they
can raise sufficient capital and whether the Company will ultimately achieve
profitability, become cash flow positive, or raise additional debt and/or
equity capital. The Company s primary sources of liquidity and capital
resources have been notes payable, which are not sufficient prospectively. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital in the near future or meet financing requirements, the Company may need
to curtail or alter its plan of operations, seek additional capital on less
favorable terms, and/or pursue other remedial measures. 

Cash Flow 

The following table
summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in our condensed
Statements of Cash Flows: 

Six Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 
 (181,938) 

(293,286) 

Investing activities 

(6,299) 

Financing activities 
 
 181,860 

304,530 

Operating Activities 

Cash
used in operating activities was 181,938 and 293,286 for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash used in
operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in net loss. 

Investing Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities was 0 and 6,299 for the six months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023. The decrease
in cash used was due to the reduction in the purchase of furniture and computer
equipment. 

19 

Financing Activities 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 181,860 and 304,530 for the six months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities
was primarily due to lower proceeds from sale of common stocks and warrants and
fewer additional note payables from related parties. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

20 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION 

You are advised
to read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in conjunction with other reports
and documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. In particular,
please read our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we
file from time to time. You may obtain copies of these reports directly from us
or from the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information about obtaining access
to the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the
SEC maintains information for electronic filers at its website http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 3.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We had no material changes
in market risk from those described in Item 2 Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

This report includes the
certification of our Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). See Exhibits 31.1 and
31.2. This Item 4 includes information concerning the controls and control
evaluations revered to in those certifications. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s (the SEC rules and forms and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the
participation of management, including the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. This assessment was
based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework,
management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide
reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures would meet their
objectives. 

As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer need to carry out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the
foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. 

Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (a) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP, (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and
expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization
of management and the Board of Directors, and (d) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

21 

We do not employ full time in-house personnel with the technical
knowledge to identify and address some of the reporting issues surrounding
complex and non-routine transactions. 
Management recognized that during the preparation of our Financial
Statements, the Company recorded material post close adjustments. This situation led to delays in the process
and evidenced the need to improve the existent control environment including
the experience and knowledge of the team. 
Management will continue to seek guidance from third-party experts and
consultants to gain a thorough understanding of these transactions. 

Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the designation,
implementation and effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and
our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is
committed to taking further action and implement additional enhancements or
improvements, as necessary. 

Inherent
Limitations on Internal Controls 

It should be
noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain events.
Limitations inherent in any control system include the following: 

Judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
 control and process breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes; 

Controls can be circumvented by individuals,
 acting alone or in collusion with others, or by management override; 

The design of any system of controls is based in
 part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
 can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
 goals under all potential future conditions; 

Over time, controls may become inadequate because
 of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 associated policies or procedures; and 

The design of a control system must reflect the
 fact that resources are constrained, and the benefits of controls must be
 considered relative to their costs. 

Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been
detected. 

22 

PART II 

 OTHER INFORMATION 

 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company is not involved in any material litigation. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS
SECURITIES 

During the six months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company issued fifty thousand (50,000) shares of common
stock with a par value of 0.001 for the price of one 1) dollar per share for
a total of fifty thousand 50,000) dollars. 
One warrant was issued for each share purchased, for a total of fifty
thousand (50,000) warrants. The warrants
are exercisable at twenty 0.20) cents and expire twenty-four (24) months
after the date of the purchase agreement. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

There is no information with
respect to which information is not otherwise called for by this form. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibits 

3.0 
 
 Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant s Form 10-12G filed on July 28, 2017. 

3.1 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant s Form 10-12G filed on July 28, 2017. 

3.2 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant s Form 10-12G filed on July 28, 2017. 

3.3 
 
 Corporate Bylaws. 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form 10-12G filed on
 July 28, 2017. 

10.1 
 
 Advance from Shareholder of Regenerex Pharma,
 Inc. Incorporated by reference to the
 Registrant s Form 10-12G filed on July 28, 2017. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Registrant 
 Regenerex
 Pharma, Inc. 

Date:
 November 04, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Gregory Pilant 

Gregory
 Pilant 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the period ending September 30, 2024 

I, Gregory Pilant, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Regenerex Pharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations: and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Registrant 
 Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

Date: November 04, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Gregory Pilant 

Gregory Pilant 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the period ending September 30, 2024 

I, Deborah Pilant, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Regenerex Pharma, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations: and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Registrant 
 Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

Date: November 04, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Deborah Pilant 

Deborah Pilant 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory Pilant, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Registrant 
 Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

Date: November 04, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Gregory Pilant 

Gregory Pilant 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Filed by Avantafile.com - Regenerex Pharma, Inc. - Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Regenerex Pharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Deborah Pilant, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Registrant 
 Regenerex Pharma, Inc. 

Date: November 04, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Deborah Pilant 

Deborah Pilant 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rgpx-20240930.xsd
 SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rgpx-20240930_def.xml
 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rgpx-20240930_lab.xml
 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rgpx-20240930_pre.xml
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

