<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1309082_0001477932-24-007116.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8699091</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149602</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1305967</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2279587</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1868871</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2845168</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007116.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007116
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAMBER ENERGY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309082
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				202660243
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32508
		FILM NUMBER:		241455435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15915 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 404-4387

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15915 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77094

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LUCAS ENERGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Panorama Investments Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041118

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007116.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 cei_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

cei_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OR TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to _______. Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ______________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered NA NA Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS As of November 11, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Part I Financial Information Item 1 Financial Statements 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 52 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 53 Part II Other Information Item 1 Legal Proceedings 54 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 56 Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 56 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 56 Item 5 Other Information 56 Item 6 Exhibits 58 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Oil and gas properties, full cost method Proved oil and gas properties, net Total oil and gas properties, net Fixed assets, net Right of use assets, net ESG Clean Energy license, net Other intangibles - Simson Maxwell, net Other intangibles - Variable Interest Entities Goodwill Due from related parties Deposits and other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Customer deposits Undistributed revenues and royalties Current portion of operating lease liability Due to related parties Current portion of notes payable - related parties Bank indebtedness - credit facility Derivative liability Current portion of long-term debt - net of discount Total current liabilities Long term debt - net of current portion and debt discount Notes payable - related parties - net of current portion Operating lease liability, net of current portion Contingent obligations Asset retirement obligation TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) - - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock Series A, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Preferred stock Series C, per value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Liquidation preference of . Preferred stock Series G, par value, authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31 2023. Liquidation preference of nil. Preferred stock Series H, par value, shares authorized, nil and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock to be issued on true-up of prior Series C Preferred stock conversions Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Parent s stockholders deficit in Camber Non-controlling interest TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Power generation units and parts Service and repairs Oil and gas sales Operating expenses Cost of goods sold Lease operating costs General and administrative Stock based compensation Depreciation, depletion and amortization Accretion Asset Retirement Obligation Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense, net Amortization of debt discount Change in fair value of derivative liability Loss on disposal of membership interests Loss on extinguishment of debt Goodwill impairment Other income Total other expense, net Net loss before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) Net loss Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to Camber Energy, Inc. Loss per share of common stock Basic and Diluted Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding Basic and Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (Unaudited) Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss Foreign currency translation adjustment Total comprehensive loss Less comprehensive profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest Foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive loss attributable to Camber The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Goodwill impairment Change in fair value of derivative liability Stock based compensation Depreciation, depletion and amortization Amortization of right-of-use assets Accretion asset retirement obligation Amortization of debt discount Loss on extinguishment of debt Net loss on disposal of membership interests and assets Foreign currency translation adjustment Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaids and other current assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Due to related parties Customer deposits Operating lease liabilities Undistributed revenues and royalties Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of oil and gas properties Acquisition of fixed assets Cash acquired on Merger Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of long-term debt Proceeds of long-term debt Repayment of non-interest-bearing advances from Parent Advances from bank credit facility Proceeds from promissory notes, related parties, net Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for: Interest Income taxes Supplemental disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Issuance of shares on true-up of Series C Preferred Stock Common stock to be issued related to prior conversions of Series C Preferred Stock - Issuance of common stock on conversion of debt Issuance of common stock on conversion of accrued interest on debt Addition of right-of-use asset and lease liability The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock Series G Preferred Stock Series H Common Stock Common Stock to be Issued Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Accumulated Noncontrolling Total Stockholders' Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount Number Number Number Amount Number Amount Capital (Loss) Deficit) Interest Equity Balances at December 31, 2023 - Common shares issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - - - Common shares to be issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Common shares issued for services - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances at March 31, 2024 Common shares issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Common shares to be issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Common shares issued on conversion of Series H preferred stock - - - - Common shares issued on conversion of debt - - - - - Common shares issued on conversion of accrued interest - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances at June 30, 2024 - Common shares issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Common shares to be issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances at September 30, 2024 - 7 Table of Contents For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock Series G Preferred Stock Series H Common Stock Common Stock to be Issued Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Accumulated Noncontrolling Total Stockholders' Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount Number Amount Capital (Loss) Deficit) Interest Equity Balances at December 31, 2022 - - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - - - Balances at March 31, 2023 - - - - - - Shares issued on conversion of debt - - - - - - - - - - - - - Shares issues on exercise of warrants - - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances at June 30, 2023 - - - Reverse merger adjustment - - - Shares issued on conversion of debt - - - - - Shares issued on conversion of Series H preferred stock - - - - Shares issued on conversion of Series C preferred stock - - - - Shares issued on true-up of Series C preferred stock - - - - - Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances at September 30, 2023 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) was converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Viking (the Viking Series E Preferred Stock, and, together with the Viking Series C Preferred Stock, the Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive one share of Series H Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Series H Preferred Stock, and, together with the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock, the New Camber Preferred ). Each share of New Camber Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Camber Common Stock (subject to a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion into Camber Common Stock if the holder would be deemed to beneficially own more than of Camber Common Stock), is treated equally with Camber Common Stock with respect to dividends and liquidation, and only has voting rights with respect to voting: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. Each share of New Camber Series H Preferred Stock has a face value of per share, is convertible into a certain number of shares of Camber Common Stock, with the conversion ratio based upon achievement of certain milestones by Viking s subsidiary, Viking Protection Systems, LLC (provided the holder has not elected to receive the applicable portion of the purchase price in cash pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2022, by and between Viking and Jedda Holdings, LLC), is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of Camber Common Stock (but may be increased up to a maximum of at the sole election of a holder by the provision of at least 61 days advance written notice) and has voting rights equal to one vote per share of Camber Series H Preferred Stock held on a non-cumulative basis. Each outstanding option or warrant to purchase Viking Common Stock (a Viking Option ), to the extent unvested, automatically became fully vested and was converted automatically into an option or warrant (an Adjusted Option to purchase, on substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Viking Option, except that instead of being exercisable into Viking Common Stock, such Adjusted Option is exercisable into Camber Common Stock. Each outstanding promissory note issued by Viking that is convertible into Viking Common Stock (a Viking Convertible Note was converted into a promissory note convertible into Camber Common Stock (an Adjusted Convertible Note having substantially the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Viking Convertible Note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any extended post-termination conversion period that applies following consummation of the Merger), except that instead of being convertible into Viking Common Stock, such Adjusted Convertible Note is convertible into Camber Common Stock. 9 Table of Contents shares of Camber Common Stock, which represented approximately of the outstanding Camber Common Stock after giving effect to such issuance. In addition, Camber reserved for issuance approximately additional shares of Camber Common Stock in connection with the potential (1) conversion of the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock, (2) conversion of the New Camber Series H Preferred Stock, (3) exercise of the Adjusted Options and (4) conversion of the Adjusted Convertible Notes. For accounting purposes, the Merger is deemed a reverse acquisition. Consequently, Viking (the legal subsidiary) was treated as the acquiror of Camber (the legal parent). Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements reflect the financial position, operating results, and cash flow of Viking up to the date of the Merger, and the combined financial position, operating results and cash flow of Viking and Camber from August 1, 2023. James A. Doris continues to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, and the combined company continues to have its headquarters in Houston, Texas. of the issued and outstanding shares of Simson-Maxwell Ltd. Simson-Maxwell ), a Canadian federal corporation, for in cash. Simson-Maxwell manufactures and supplies power generation products, services and custom energy solutions. Simson-Maxwell provides commercial and industrial clients with efficient, flexible, environmentally responsible and clean-tech energy systems involving a wide variety of products, including CHP (combined heat and power), tier 4 final diesel and natural gas industrial engines, solar, wind and storage. Simson-Maxwell also designs and assembles a complete line of electrical control equipment including switch gear, synchronization and paralleling gear, distribution, Bi-Fuel and complete power generation production controls. Operating for over 80 years, Simson-Maxwell s seven branches assist with servicing a large number of existing maintenance arrangements and meeting the energy and power-solution demands of the Company s other customers. Clean Energy and Carbon-Capture System: In August 2021, Viking entered into a license agreement with ESG Clean Energy, LLC ESG ), to utilize ESG s patent rights and know-how related to stationary electric power generation and heat and carbon dioxide capture (the ESG Clean Energy System ). The intellectual property licensed by Viking includes certain patents and/or patent applications, including: (i) U.S. Patent No.: 10,774,733, File date: October 24, 2018, Issue date: September 15, 2020, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (ii) U.S. Patent No.: 17/661,382, Issue date: August 8, 2023, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power, Capturing Carbon Dioxide and Producing Products (iii) U.S. Patent No.: 11624307, Issue date: April 22, 2023, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power and Capturing Carbon Dioxide (iv) European (validated in the United Kingdom, France and Germany) Patent No.: EP3728891, Issue date: April 12, 2023, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (v) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/224,200, File date: April 7, 2021, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (which was subsequently approved by the U.S. Patent Trademark Office in March, 2022 (No. 11,286,832); (vi) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/358,197, File date: June 25, 2021, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (vii) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/448,943, File date: September 27, 2021, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power and Capturing Carbon Dioxide and (viii) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/448,938, File date: September 27, 2021, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power, Capturing Carbon Dioxide and Producing Products. 10 Table of Contents of the carbon dioxide (CO2) emitted from the engine without loss of efficiency, and in a manner to facilitate the production of certain commodities. Patent No. 11,286,832, for example, covers the invention of an exhaust-gas-to-exhaust-gas heat exchanger that efficiently cools and then reheats exhaust from a primary power generator so greater energy output can be achieved by a secondary power source with safe ventilation. Another key aspect of this patent is the development of a carbon dioxide capture system that utilizes the waste heat of the carbon dioxide pump to heat and regenerate the adsorber that enables carbon dioxide to be safely contained and packaged. The Company intends to sell, lease and/or sub-license the ESG Clean Energy System to third parties using, among other things, Simson-Maxwell s existing distribution channels. The Company may also utilize the ESG Clean Energy System for its own account, whether in connection with its petroleum operations, Simson-Maxwell s power generation operations, or otherwise. Medical Waste Disposal System Using Ozone Technology: In January 2022, Viking acquired a interest in Viking Ozone Technology, LLC Viking Ozone ), which owns the intellectual property rights to a patented (i.e., US Utility Patent No. 11,565,289), proprietary medical and biohazard waste treatment system using ozone technology. Simson-Maxwell has been designated the exclusive worldwide manufacturer and vendor of this system. The technology is designed to be a sustainable alternative to incineration, chemical, autoclave and heat treatment of bio-hazardous waste, and for the treated waste to be classified as renewable fuel for waste-to-energy WTE facilities in many locations around the world. Open Conductor Detection Technologies: In February 2022, Viking acquired a interest in two entities, Viking Sentinel Technology, LLC Viking Sentinel and Viking Protection Systems, LLC Viking Protection ), that own the intellectual property rights to patented and patent pending proprietary electric transmission and distribution open conductor detection systems. The systems are designed to detect a break in a transmission line, distribution line, or coupling failure, and to immediately terminate the power to the line before it reaches the ground. The technology is intended to increase public safety and reduce the risk of causing an incendiary event, and to be an integral component within grid hardening and stability initiatives by electric utilities to improve the resiliency and reliability of existing infrastructure. Oil and Gas Properties: Divestitures in 2024: On February 1, 2024, the Company sold its working interest in oil and gas properties producing from the Cline and Wolfberry formations in Texas for gross proceeds of . The Company recorded a net loss on this transaction, as follows: Reduction in oil and gas full cost pool (based on of reserves disposed) ARO recovered Loss on disposal 11 Table of Contents of their interest in oil and gas assets in Kansas, consisting of 168 producing wells, 90 injector wells and 34 non-producing wells, for gross proceeds of . On December 1, 2023, a subsidiary of Petrodome Energy, LLC Petrodome ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Viking, sold its non-operated working interest in a producing oil well in Texas for proceeds of . The Company recorded a net gain on these two transactions during the fourth quarter of 2023 as follows: Reduction in oil and gas full cost pool (based on of reserves disposed) ARO recovered Cash bond recoverable (net of fees) Gain on disposal Following these transactions, Petrodome ceased to be the operator of any oil and gas properties and applied for the refund of a cash performance bond of . The refund, net of fees, is included in prepaids and other current assets at December 31, 2023 and was included in the determination of the gain on disposal. As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not hold any interest in producing oil and gas properties. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a net loss of ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was comprised of, among other things, certain non-cash items, including: (i) goodwill impairment of ; (ii) change in fair value of derivative liability of ; (iii) amortization of debt discount of ; (iv) loss on extinguishment of debt of ; (v) loss on disposal of membership interests of ; and (vi) depreciation, depletion and amortization of . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a stockholders deficit of ), long-term debt, net of current, of and a working capital deficiency of . The largest components of current liabilities creating this working capital deficiency is accrued interest on notes payable to Discover Growth Fund, LLC Discover of and drawings by Simson-Maxwell against its bank credit facility of . These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to utilize the resources in place to generate future profitable operations, to develop additional acquisition opportunities, and to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from business operations when they come due. Management believes the Company may be able to continue to develop new opportunities and may be able to obtain additional funds through debt and / or equity financings to facilitate its business strategy; however, there is no assurance of additional funding being available. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence. 12 Table of Contents b) Basis of Consolidation c) Foreign Currency 13 Table of Contents e) Financial Instruments 14 Table of Contents , while accounts at banks in Canada are insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation CDIC up to CAD . The Company s cash balances may at times exceed the FDIC or CDIC insured limits. g) Accounts Receivable and , respectively. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts receivable. h) Inventory Parts Reserve for obsolescence i) Accounting for Leases 15 Table of Contents j) Business Combinations k) Goodwill l) Intangible Assets 16 Table of Contents years (the remaining life of the related patents) and years, respectively. The other intangible assets are not amortized. The Company reviews these intangible assets, at least annually, for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances that the assets carrying amount may not be recoverable. In evaluating the future benefit of its intangible assets, the Company estimates the anticipated undiscounted future net cash flows of the intangible assets over the remaining estimated useful life. If the carrying amount is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded for the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. m) Income (Loss) per Share and common stock equivalents, respectively, that were omitted from the calculation of diluted income per share as they were anti-dilutive. n) Revenue Recognition ownership in Simson-Maxwell, the Company manufactures and sells power generation products, services and custom energy solutions. Simson-Maxwell provides commercial and industrial clients with emergency power generation capabilities. Simson Maxwell s derives its revenues as follows: 1. Sale of power generation units . Simson-Maxwell manufactures and assembles power generation solutions. The solutions may consist of one or more units and are generally customized for each customer. Contracts are required to be executed for each customized solution. The contracts generally require customers to submit non-refundable progress payments for measurable milestones delineated in the contract. The Company considers the completed unit or units to be a single performance obligation for purposes of revenue recognition and recognizes revenue when control of the product is transferred to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer. Sales, use, value add and other similar taxes assessed by governmental authorities and collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. Progress payments are recognized as contract liabilities until the completed unit is delivered. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the transfer of the units, which is generally the price stated in the contract. The Company does not allow returns because of the customized nature of the units and does not offer discounts, rebates, or other promotional incentives or allowances to customers. Simson-Maxwell has elected to recognize the cost for freight activities when control of the product has transferred to the customer as an expense within cost of goods. At the request of certain customers, the Company will warehouse inventory billed to the customer but not delivered. Unless all revenue recognition criteria have been met, the Company does not recognize revenue on these transactions until the customer takes possession of the product. 17 Table of Contents Parts Total units and parts Service and repairs o) Income Taxes 18 Table of Contents q) Impairment of Long-lived Assets r) Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations ARO recovered on disposal of membership interests ARO acquired on the Merger Accretion expense Asset retirement obligation ending 19 Table of Contents conversion rate. Upon conversion, the holder is entitled to dividends as if the shares had been held to maturity, which is referred to as the Conversion Premium. The conversion ratio is based on a volume weighted average price VWAP calculation based on the lowest stock price over the Measurement Period. The Measurement Period is 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) prior to the conversion date and 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) after the conversion date. The VWAP calculation is subject to adjustment if there is a Triggering Event and the Measurement Period is subject to adjustment in the event that the Company is in default of one or more Equity Conditions provided in the Certificate of Designation COD ). For example, the Measurement Period may be extended one day for every day the Company is not in compliance with one or more of the Equity Conditions. Trigger events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. At the conversion date, the number of shares due for the Conversion Premium is estimated based on the previous 30-day VWAP (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event). If the VWAP calculation for the portion of the Measurement Period following the date of conversion is lower than the VWAP for the portion of the Measurement Period prior to the date of conversion, the holder will be issued additional shares of common stock (the True-Up shares ). If the VWAP calculation is higher, no True-Up shares are issued. The Company has determined that the Series C Preferred Stock contains an embedded derivative liability relating to the Conversion Premium and, upon conversion, a derivative liability for the potential obligation to issue True-Up Shares relating to shares of Series C Preferred Stock that have been converted and the Measurement Period has not expired, if applicable. The fair value of the derivative liability relating to the Conversion Premium for any outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock is equal to the cash required to settle the Conversion Premium. The fair value of the potential True-Up share obligation has been estimated using a binomial pricing mode and the lesser of the conversion price or the lowest closing price of the Company s stock subsequent to the conversion date, and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The Series G Convertible Preferred stock is redeemable or convertible into a variable number of shares of common stock, at the option of the Company. The conversion rate is determined at the time of conversion using a VWAP calculation similar to the Series C Preferred Stock described above. As a result, the Series G Preferred Stock contains an embedded derivative that is required to be recorded at fair value. The Company has determined that the fair value of the embedded derivative is negligible due to the restrictions on conversion. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock or the Series G Preferred Stock have the meaning assigned to them in the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 8, 2021, as amended on October 28, 2022 and again on February 21, 2024 (as amended, the Series C COD or the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Powers, Rights and Limitations of Series G Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock filed by the Company with the Secretary of State of Nevada on December 30, 2021 (the Series G COD ), as applicable. 20 Table of Contents t) Undistributed Revenues and Royalties u) Subsequent events Viking shareholder ownership interest in the merged entity Grossed up number of shares Number of shares theoretically issued to Camber shareholders Viking share price at date of merger Consideration transferred 21 Table of Contents Net Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed (Camber): Cash Prepaids Oil and gas properties Advances due from Viking Investment in Viking Goodwill Total net assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Derivative liability Long term debt Asset retirement obligations Total net liabilities assumed Total Net Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed The Company performs quarterly qualitative assessments of possible indicators of goodwill impairment; no indicators were identified during the first two quarters of 2024. However, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the market price of the Company s common stock declined significantly and its common stock was delisted from a national stock exchange. The Company concluded that these factors were an indicator of goodwill impairment and therefore performed a quantitative assessment of the goodwill arising from the Merger. The assessment used a combination of market prices and discounted cash flows to determine the fair value of the Company. Based upon this assessment, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 34,860,411, representing an impairment of the entire goodwill balance, in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization - - Proved developed producing oil and gas properties, net - - Undeveloped and non-producing oil and gas properties United States cost center - - - - Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization - - - - Undeveloped and non-producing oil and gas properties, net - Total Oil and Gas Properties, Net During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of its working interests in its producing oil and gas properties (see Note 2). 22 Table of Contents and Viking was obligated to make additional royalty payments as follows: (i) an additional on or before January 31, 2022, which may be paid in whole or in part in the form of Viking s common stock based on the price of Viking s common stock on August 18, 2021, at ESG s election; (ii) an additional on or before April 20, 2022, which may be paid in whole or in part in the form of Viking s common stock based on the price of Viking s common stock on August 18, 2021, at ESG s election; and (iii) continuing royalties of not more than 15 of the Company s net revenues generated using the intellectual property, with the continuing royalty percentage to be jointly determined by the parties collaboratively based on the parties development of realistic cashflow models resulting from initial projects utilizing the intellectual property, and with the parties utilizing mediation if they cannot jointly agree to the continuing royalty percentage. With respect to the payments noted in (i) and (ii) above, . The Company s exclusivity with respect to Canada shall terminate if minimum continuing royalty payments to ESG are not at least equal to the following minimum payments based on the date that ESG first begins capturing carbon dioxide and selling for commercial purposes one or more commodities from a system installed and operated by ESG using the intellectual property (the Trigger Date ): Year three Year four Year five Year six Year seven Year eight Year nine and after The Company s management believes that the Trigger Date could occur as early as the first quarter of 2025 but there is no assurance that it will occur at that or any time. 23 Table of Contents , then the minimum continuing royalty payments for any given year from the Trigger Date shall also be adjusted downward proportionally. The Company recognized amortization expense of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The estimated future amortization expense for each of the next five years is per year. The ESG intangible asset consisted of the following at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Accumulated amortization Other intangibles Simson-Maxwell Customer Relationships and Brand The Company allocated a portion of the purchase price of Simson-Maxwell to Customer Relationships with a fair value of and an estimated useful life of years, and the Simson-Maxwell Brand with a fair value of and an indefinite useful life. The Company recognized amortization expense for the Customer Relationship intangible of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The estimated future amortization expense for each of the next five years is per year. The Company periodically reviews the fair value of the Customer Relationships and Brand to determine if an impairment charge should be recognized. The Company did not record any impairment for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of related to the Simson-Maxwell Brand and related to Customer Relationships, driven by lower actual and forecast revenue growth as compared to the date of acquisition. The Other intangibles Simson-Maxwell consisted of the following at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: Customer Relationships Impairment of intangible assets Accumulated amortization 24 Table of Contents , a Wyoming limited liability company Choppy ), in consideration of , and 1,666,667 of which shares are to be issued to Choppy after 10 units of the System have been sold. Viking Ozone was organized on or about January 14, 2022, for the purpose of developing and distributing a medical and biohazard waste treatment system using ozone technology (the System ), and on or about January 14, 2022, Choppy was issued all 100 units of Viking Ozone in consideration of Choppy s assignment to Viking Ozone of all of Choppy s intellectual property and intangible assets, including patent rights, know-how, procedures, methodologies, and contract rights in connection with the System, and specifically the invention entitled Multi-Chamber Medical Waste Ozone-Based Treatment Systems and Methods (Docket No. RAS-101A) and related patent application. On January 18, 2022 Viking acquired 51 units (51 of Viking Ozone from Choppy with Choppy retaining the remaining 49 units (49 of Viking Ozone, and Viking issued shares of Viking common stock to Choppy. Viking and Choppy then entered into an Operating Agreement on January 18, 2022 governing the operation of Viking Ozone. Based on the closing price of the Company s stock on January 18, 2022, the fair value was approximately . The Company determined the acquisition of a 51 interest in Viking Ozone was the acquisition of and initial consolidation of a VIE that is not a business. The acquisition was recorded as follows: Fair value of contingent consideration Total consideration Purchase Price Allocation: Intangible asset Patents and Intellectual Property Non-controlling interest Camber ownership interest Open Conductor Detection Technologies Virga On February 9, 2022, a Wyoming limited liability company Virga ), in consideration of the issuance of shares of Viking common stock to Virga. Viking Sentinel was formed on or about January 31, 2022, and Virga was issued all 100 units of Viking Sentinel in consideration of Virga s assignment to Viking Sentinel of all of Virga s intellectual property and intangible assets, including patent rights, know-how, procedures, methodologies, and contract rights in connection with an end of line protection with trip signal engaging for distribution system, and related patent application(s). On February 9, 2022 Viking acquired 51 units of Viking Sentinel from Virga with Virga retaining the remaining 49 units (49 of Viking Sentinel, and Viking issued shares of Viking common stock to Virga. Viking and Virga then entered into an Operating Agreement on February 9, 2022 governing the operation of Viking Sentinel. The Company determined the acquisition of a interest in Viking Sentinel was the acquisition and initial consolidation of a VIE that is not a business. The acquisition was recorded as follows: Total consideration Purchase Price Allocation: Intangible asset Patents and Intellectual Property Non-controlling interest Camber ownership interest 25 Table of Contents ownership interest in Viking Protection, from Jedda Holdings LLC Jedda ). In consideration for the Units, Viking agreed to issue to Jedda, shares of a new class of Convertible Preferred Stock of Viking with a face value of per share (the Viking Series E Preferred Stock ), or pay cash to Jedda, if applicable, as follows: On closing N/A N/A 2 On closing N/A 3 Upon the sale of 10k units 4 Upon the sale of 20k units 5 Upon the sale of 30k units 6 Upon the sale of 50k units 7 Upon the sale of 100k units Total (avg.) ___________ The million due on closing was payable solely in stock of Viking. All other payments, if the subject sales targets are met, are payable in cash or in shares of convertible preferred stock of the Company, at the seller s option. These are estimates only. There is no guarantee any sales targets will be reached. Notwithstanding the above, the Company shall not effect any conversion of any shares of Viking Series E Preferred Stock, and Jedda shall not have the right to convert any shares of Viking Series E Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion, Jedda (together with Jedda s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with Jedda or any of Jedda s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of the Camber Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Camber Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Viking Series E Preferred Stock by Jedda. Jedda, upon not less than 61 days prior notice to Camber, may increase or decrease the beneficial ownership limitation, provided that the beneficial ownership limitation in no event exceeds of the number of shares of Camber Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Camber Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Share(s) held by Jedda and the beneficial ownership limitation provisions of this Section shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to Camber. Viking Protection was formed on or about January 31, 2022, and Jedda was issued all 100 units of Viking Protection in consideration of Jedda s assignment to Viking Protection of all of Jedda s intellectual property and intangible assets, including patent rights, know-how, procedures, methodologies, and contract rights in connection with an electric transmission ground fault prevention trip signal engaging system, and related patent application(s). On February 9, 2022 Viking acquired 51 units (51 of Viking Protection from Jedda with Jedda retaining the remaining 49 units (49 of Viking Protection, and Viking issued the 475 shares of Viking Series E Preferred Stock to Jedda. Viking and Jedda then entered into an Operating Agreement on February 9, 2022 governing the operation of Viking Protection. The Company determined the acquisition of a 51 interest in Viking Protection was the acquisition and initial consolidation of a VIE that is not a business. The acquisition was recorded as follows: Fair value of contingent consideration Total consideration Purchase Price Allocation: Intangible asset Patents and Intellectual Property Non-controlling interest Camber ownership interest 26 Table of Contents Non-controlling interest Camber ownership interest Upon consummation of the Merger between Viking and Camber, all shares of Viking Series E Preferred Stock were exchanged for Camber Series H Preferred Stock, with substantially the same rights and terms with respect to Camber. and respectively, in fees to AGD Advisory Group, Inc. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total amount due to AGD Advisory Group, Inc. was and , respectively, and is included in accounts payable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s CEO and Director, James Doris, advanced to Viking Ozone Technology, LLC related to the manufacture of a medical waste unit. This advance is non-interest bearing with no fixed repayment terms and is included in Due to related parties . The Company s CFO, John McVicar, renders professional services to the Company through 1508586 Alberta Ltd., an affiliate of Mr. McVicar s. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid or accrued and , respectively, in fees to 1508586 Alberta Ltd. Simson-Maxwell At the time of acquisition, Simson-Maxwell had several amounts due to/due from related parties and notes payable to certain employees, officers, family members and entities owned or controlled by such individuals. Viking assumed these balances and loan agreements in connection with the acquisition. 27 Table of Contents Adco Power Ltd. December 31, 2023 Simmax Corp. majority owner Adco Power Ltd. Simmax Corp. owns a non-controlling interest in Simson-Maxwell and is majority owned by a Director of Simson-Maxwell. Adco Power Ltd., an industrial, electrical and mechanical construction company, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Simmax Corp., and conducts business with Simson-Maxwell. The notes payable to related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are as follows: Less current portion of notes payable - related parties Notes payable - related parties, net of current portion Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest September 30, 2024 The following discloses the effects of the Company s ownership interest in Viking Ozone, Viking Sentinel and Viking Protection in the aggregate, and on the Company s equity for nine months ended September 30, 2024: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest September 30, 2024 28 Table of Contents Note payable to Discover pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated April 23, 2021 in the original amount of 2,500,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. Pursuant to an amendment dated December 24, 2021 the interest rate was adjusted to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (3.25 as of the amendment date. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. Note payable to Discover, pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated December 22, 2020 in the original amount of 12,000,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. Pursuant to an amendment dated December 24, 2021 the interest rate was adjusted to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (3.25 as of the amendment date. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company's assets. Note payable to Discover, pursuant to a 10.0 Secured Promissory Note dated December 11, 2020 in the original amount of 6,000,000 with interest and principal due at maturity on January 1, 2027. Pursuant to an amendment dated December 24, 2021 the interest rate was adjusted to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (3.25 as of the amendment date. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets. On May 5, 2023, Viking signed a securities purchase agreement with FK Venture LLC Buyer under which FK Venture LLC agreed to purchase convertible promissory notes from the Company in the amount of 800,000 on the 5th day of each month commencing May 5, 2023 for 6 months, for a minimum commitment of 4,800,000. FK Venture LLC had the right to purchase up to 9,600,000. The notes bore interest at 12 per annum. The maturity date of the notes was the earlier of (i) July 1, 2025, or (ii) 90 days following the date that the Company completes a direct up-listing of its common stock to a national securities exchange (not including any merger or combination with Camber). FK Venture LLC had the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 0.4158 per share. At December 31, 2023, the Buyer had purchased six notes and converted two of these notes subsequent to the closing of the Merger in exchange for 3,848,004 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of 35,402 related to these conversions. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company adjusted the conversion price of three of the remaining notes to 0.16 and the fourth to 0.163. The Buyer then converted the four remaining notes in exchange for 19,907,976 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of 811,132 related to these conversions. The balance at December 31, 2023 is shown is net of unamortized discount of 488,270. Loan of 150,000 dated July 1, 2020 from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The loan bears interest at 3.75 and matures on July 28, 2050. The loan is payable in monthly installments of 731 with the remaining principal and accrued interest due at maturity. Installment payments were originally due to start 12 months from the date of the note but the date was extended to January 2023. Accrued interest from the original installment due date to January 2023 was capitalized to the loan principal balance Total long-term debt Less current portion and debt discount Total long-term debt, net of current portion and debt discount 29 Table of Contents 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Advance from FK Venture LLC During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, FK Venture LLC advanced to the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Viking. The terms of this advance have not been finalized. The amount has been included in Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities at September 30, 2024. Bank Credit Facility Simson-Maxwell has a demand . The Company is required to make monthly principal payments in the amount of CAD 55,555 on the fixed loan portion commencing on October 31, 2024. The balance outstanding under this credit facility is CAD 5,667,386 and CAD 4,457,947 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 30 Table of Contents per share of common stock. The Conversion Premium is convertible into shares of common stock based on a variable that is not an input to fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined in FASB ASC 815-40 and is a derivative liability and is recorded at fair value. The Company determines the redemption value of the face value of the Series C Preferred Stock to be the fair value of the shares of common stock issuable to satisfy the conversion of the face value of the Series C Preferred Stock. The fair value of the Conversion Premium is determined to be the fair value of the shares required to satisfy the Conversion Premium. The Company receives notice of conversion from the holder with a calculation of the number of shares of common stock required to be issued to satisfy the redemption value plus the Conversion Premium. The Company then issues the number of shares of common stock determined by the holder using a VWAP calculation for the Measurement Period before the conversion date. The shares may be issued over time due to ownership limitations of the holder. Upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, the Company reduces the derivative liability by the amount that was originally recorded for the number of Series C Preferred Stock converted. Any difference between the current fair value of the common shares issued to satisfy the conversion premium and the originally recorded derivative liability is recorded as a loss on derivative liability. The holder may be entitled to additional shares subsequent to the conversion date if the VWAP calculation for the portion of the Measurement Period following the date of conversion is lower than the VWAP for the portion of the Measurement Period prior to the date of conversion, referred to as True-Up shares. If the VWAP calculation is higher, no True-Up shares are issued. The potential obligation to issue True-Up shares may create an additional derivative liability. The determination of the number of True-Up shares due, if any, is based on the lowest VWAP calculation over the Measurement Period that extends beyond the conversion date. In addition, if the Company has not complied with certain provisions of the COD, the Measurement Period does not end until the Company is in compliance. The potential obligation to issue True-Up shares after the conversion date is a derivative liability. The derivative liability for the True-Up Shares at the end of each period represents Series C Preferred Stock conversions in respect of which the Measurement Period had not expired as of the period end. The fair value of the derivative liability is estimated using a binomial pricing model, the estimated remaining Measurement Period, the share price and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The fair value of the derivative liability relating to the potential obligation to issue True-Up shares is subject to adjustment as the Company s stock price changes. Such changes are recorded as changes in fair value of derivative liability. On March 25, 2024, the Company received a notice letter from the NYSE American stating that the Company was back in compliance with all of the NYSE American s continued listing standards. As a result, the Measurement Period related to prior conversions of Series C Preferred Stock ended and the number of remaining True-Up shares due from these prior conversions was fixed at . This reduced the value of derivative liability associated with True-Up shares to zero, and the fair value of the True-Up share obligation at March 25, 2024 was reclassified to Stockholders Equity as common shares to be issued. 31 Table of Contents Change in fair value Settlement of obligation (issuance of shares of common stock) Reclassification of True-Up share obligation from liability to equity Carrying amount at end of period Convertible Debt On March 10, 2023, the terms of the promissory notes held by Mid-Con Petroleum, LLC and Mid-Con Drilling, LLC described in Note 11 were amended to include a conversion feature granting the holder of the note the option to convert the principal balance of the debt, in whole or in part, into common stock of Viking. The conversion price is equal to the lesser of : (i) the average of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices VWAP of Viking common stock during per share. All other terms of the promissory notes remained unchanged . The modification to the terms of the promissory notes was treated as a debt extinguishment and the Company recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt of . The fair value of the debt was determined as the total number of shares, equal to the face value of the debt on March 10, 2023 divided by the VWAP, multiplied by the closing share price on that day. The value of the conversion option was based upon the fair value of Viking s common stock. As the option was convertible into a variable number of shares, it was considered to be a derivative to be continuously recognized at fair value, with changes to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. The fair value of the conversion feature at the date of modification was determined to be using a binomial option pricing model. The derivative liability is classified as a Level 3 liability in the Fair Value Hierarchy. At March 31, 2023, the fair value of the conversion feature was remeasured and determined to be using a binomial option pricing model. Consequently, the Company recorded a loss of on the change in fair value of the derivative liability in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. On April 28, 2023, of the promissory note was assigned and converted into shares of common stock. The Company recorded a reduction to the derivative of related to the conversion and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of . On June 30, 2023, the fair value of the conversion feature was remeasured and determined to be using a binomial option pricing model, and the Company recorded a gain of on the change in fair value of the derivative liability in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. On July 31, 2023, the fair value of the conversion feature was remeasured and determined to be using a binomial option pricing model, and the Company recorded a loss of on the change in fair value of the derivative liability in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. In August 2023, the balance of the promissory notes was assigned and converted into shares of common stock of the Company. The Company recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of related to this conversion and reduced the value of the derivative liability to nil. shares of Common Stock, par value per share. 32 Table of Contents shares of common stock, as follows: (i) A total of True-Up shares related to prior conversions of Series C Preferred Stock as a result of the continuation of the Measurement Period (as defined in the Series C COD with respect to such Series C Preferred Stock) associated with such conversions and a decline in the price of the Company s shares of common stock within the Measurement Period. (ii) A total of shares on conversion of debt (iii) A total of shares on conversion of accrued interest on debt (iv) A total of shares on conversion of shares of Series H Preferred Stock (v) A total of shares as compensation to consultants. (b) Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ). (i) Series A Convertible Preferred Stock On August 1, 2023, the Company issued shares of new Series A Preferred Stock in exchange for outstanding shares of old Series C Preferred Stock of Viking Energy Group Inc. Pursuant to the COD for the Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A COD ), each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Camber Common Stock (subject to a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion into Camber Common Stock if the holder would be deemed to beneficially own more than of Camber Common Stock), is treated equally with Camber Common Stock with respect to dividends and liquidation, and only has voting rights with respect to voting: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. (ii) Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends in the amount of per annum (adjustable up to 34.95 if a Trigger Event, as described in the Series C COD occurs), payable upon redemption, conversion, or maturity, and when, as and if declared by our board of directors in its discretion, provided that upon any redemption, conversion, or maturity, seven years of dividends are due and payable on such redeemed, converted or matured stock. The Series C Preferred Stock ranks senior to the common stock. Except as prohibited by applicable law or as set forth herein, the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock have the right to vote together with holders of Common Stock on all matters other than: (i) the election of directors; (ii) and any shareholder proposals, including proposals initiated by any holder of shares of Series C Preferred Stock), in each instance on an as-if converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the COD, even if there are insufficient shares of authorized Common Stock to fully convert the shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of our common stock at any time at the option of the holder, or at Camber s option if certain equity conditions (as defined in the Series C COD), are met. Upon conversion, Camber will pay the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock being converted through the issuance of common stock, in an amount equal to the dividends that such shares would have otherwise earned if they had been held through the maturity date (i.e., seven years), and issue to the holders such number of shares of common stock equal to per share of Series C Preferred Stock (the Face Value multiplied by the number of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock divided by the applicable conversion price of 162.50 (after adjustment following the December 21, 2022 reverse stock split) adjusted for any future forward or reverse splits. 33 Table of Contents of common stock not to exceed 85 of the lowest sales prices on the last day of such the Measuring Period, less 0.10 per share. The Measuring Period is the period beginning, if no trigger event has occurred, 30 trading days, and if a trigger event has occurred, 60 trading days, before the applicable notice has been provided regarding the exercise or conversion of the applicable security, and ending, if no trigger event has occurred, 30 trading days, and if a trigger event has occurred, 60 trading days, after the applicable number of shares stated in the initial exercise/conversion notice have actually been received into the holder s designated brokerage account in electronic form and fully cleared for trading. Trigger Events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. The Series C Preferred Stock has a maturity date that is seven years after the date of issuance and, if the Series C Preferred Stock has not been wholly converted into shares of common stock prior to such date, all remaining outstanding Series C Preferred Stock will automatically be converted into shares of common stock, to the extent Camber has sufficient authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance upon conversion. Notwithstanding any other provision of this designation, available authorized and unissued shares of common stock will be a limit and cap on the maximum number of shares of common stock that could be potentially issuable with respect to all conversions and other events that are not solely within the control of Camber. Camber will at all times use its best efforts to authorize sufficient shares. The number of shares required to settle the excess obligation is fixed on the date that net share settlement occurs. The Dividend Maturity Date will be indefinitely extended and suspended until sufficient authorized and unissued shares become available. of the Face Value, plus an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, automatically becomes payable in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up by Camber. Camber may not issue any preferred stock that is pari passu or senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to any rights for a period of one year after the earlier of such date (i) a registration statement is effective and available for the resale of all shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, or (ii) Rule 144 under the Securities Act is available for the immediate unrestricted resale of all shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which prevents any holder of the Series C Preferred Stock from converting such Series C Preferred Stock into common stock, if upon such conversion, the holder would beneficially own greater than of Camber s outstanding common stock. Pursuant to the Series C COD, holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are permitted to vote together with holders of common stock on all matters other than election of directors and shareholder proposals (including proposals initiated by any holders of preferred shares), on an as-if converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the Series C COD, even if there are insufficient shares of authorized common stock to fully convert the Series C Preferred Stock. Also pursuant to certain agreements entered into with the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock in October 2021, due to the occurrence of a Trigger Event, Camber no longer has the right to conduct an early redemption of the Series C Preferred Stock as provided for in the Series C COD unless the Company s indebtedness to Discover is paid in full. On October 31, 2022, Camber filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada an amendment to the Series C COD (the Series C Amendment ), dated as of October 28, 2022 (the Series C Amendment Date ), pursuant to agreements between Camber and each of Discover and Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles signed on October 28, 2022, which amended the Series C COD such that (i) beginning on the Series C Amendment Date and thereafter, when determining the conversion rate for each share of Series C Preferred Stock based on the trading price of Camber s common stock over a certain number of previous days Measurement Period ), no day will be added to what would otherwise have been the end of any Measurement Period for the failure of the Equity Condition (as defined in the Series C COD), even if the volume weighted average trading price Measuring Metric is not at least and each holder of Series C Preferred Stock waived the right to receive any additional shares of common stock that might otherwise be due if such Equity Condition were to apply after the Series C Amendment Date, including with respect to any pending Measurement Period; and . 34 Table of Contents , such that the limitation is restored to effective five Business Days from the date of the Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, Antilles held shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into a substantial number of the Company s shares of common stock which could result in significant dilution of the Company s existing shareholders. If the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock were converted as of September 30, 2024, the Company estimates that the following shares of common stock would be required to be issued to satisfy the conversion of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock: Estimated number of shares of common stock required to satisfy Conversion Premium using VWAP at period end based on 30 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of such date and a VWAP of for the purposes of calculating the Conversion Premium, with being the floor price of the Measuring Metric established in the February 2024 agreement between the Company and Antilles. 35 Table of Contents . The fair value of these shares on March 25, 2024 was determined to be and was included in Stockholders Equity as common stock to be issued at March 31, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the number of remaining True-Up shares due from prior conversions was . (iii) Series G Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock On or about December 30, 2021, the Company created a new class of Series G Preferred Stock, having a face value of per share. The rights, entitlements and other characteristics of the Series G Preferred Stock are set out in the Series G COD. Pursuant to the Series G COD, the Series G Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of common stock at any time at the option of the holder at a price per share of common stock equal to one cent above the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the issuance of such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, or as otherwise specified in the Stock Purchase Agreement, subject to adjustment as otherwise provided in the COD. Upon conversion, the Company will pay the holders of the Series G Preferred Stock being converted a conversion premium equal to the amount of dividends that such shares would have otherwise earned if they had been held through the maturity date. The Series G Preferred Stock, with respect to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, rank: (a) senior to the Company s common stock; (b) junior to the Series C Preferred Stock, (c) senior to the Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series F Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, as such may be designated as of the date of this Designation, or which may be designated by the Company after the date of this Designation; (d) senior, pari passu or junior with respect to any other series of Preferred Stock, as set forth in the COD with respect to such Preferred Stock; and (d) junior to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company. Except as prohibited by applicable law or as set forth herein, the holders of shares of Series G Preferred Stock will have the right to vote together with holders of common stock and Series C Preferred on all matters other than: (i) the election of directors; (ii) and any shareholder proposals, including proposals initiated by any holder of shares of Series G Preferred Stock), in each instance on an as-converted basis, subject to the beneficial ownership limitation in the COD even if there are insufficient shares of authorized common stock to fully convert the shares of Series G Preferred Stock into common stock. Commencing on the date of the issuance of any such shares of Series G Preferred Stock, each outstanding share of Series G Preferred Stock will accrue cumulative dividends at a rate equal to 10.0 per annum, subject to adjustment as provided in the COD, of the Face Value. Dividends will be payable with respect to any shares of Series G Preferred Stock upon any of the following: (a) upon redemption of such shares in accordance with the Series G COD; (b) upon conversion of such shares in accordance with the Series G COD; and (c) when, as and if otherwise declared by the board of directors of the Corporation. Dividends, as well as any applicable Conversion Premium payable hereunder, will be paid in shares of common stock valued at (i) if there is no Material Adverse Change as at the date of payment or issuance of shares of common stock for the Conversion Premium, as applicable, . 36 Table of Contents . In the first quarter of 2022, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement between the Company and an accredited investor (the Investor dated on or about December 30, 2021, the Investor purchased from the Company shares of newly designated Series G Preferred Stock, having a face value of per share, for an aggregate price of (the Purchase Price ), representing at a 5 original issue discount. The Purchase Price was paid by the Investor via payment of in cash, and the execution and delivery of four Promissory Notes (each a Note and collectively, the Notes from the Investor in favor of Company, each in the amount of and payable by the Investor to the Company on March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. There are shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note, and the Investor may not convert the shares of preferred stock associated with each Note into shares of common stock or sell any of the underlying shares of common stock unless that Note is paid in full by the Investor. The Company may in its sole discretion redeem the shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note by paying the Investor as full consideration for such redemption. Also, the Investor may offset the then outstanding balance of each Note against the 2,636 shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with that Note by electing to cancel the 2,636 shares as full consideration for cancellation of the Note in the event of a breach or default of any of the transaction documents by the Company. In 2022, the Company paid the Investor and redeemed shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with the . The Investor may not convert any of the remaining shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with any remaining Note into shares of common stock or sell any of the underlying shares of common stock unless that Note is paid in full by the Investor, and the Company may redeem the shares of Series G Preferred Stock associated with each Note by paying the Investor as full consideration for such redemption. As of September 30, 2024, none of the outstanding Notes had been paid in full and thus the underlying shares were not convertible. (iv) Series H Convertible Preferred Stock On August 1, 2023, the Company issued shares of new Series H Preferred Stock in exchange for outstanding shares of old Series E Preferred Stock of Viking Energy Group inc. Pursuant to the COD for the Series H Preferred Stock (the Series H COD ), each share of New Camber Series H Preferred Stock has a face value of per share, is convertible into a certain number of shares of Camber Common Stock, with the conversion ratio based upon achievement of certain milestones by Viking s subsidiary, Viking Protection (provided the holder has not elected to receive the applicable portion of the purchase price in cash pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2022, by and . During the year ended December 31, 2023, Jedda Holdings converted of the shares of Series H Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Jedda Holdings converted the remaining shares of Series H Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. 37 Table of Contents years - Granted - - Exercised - - Forfeited/expired/cancelled - Warrants Outstanding September 30, 2024 years - Outstanding Exercisable September 30, 2024 years - . These values were determined using a discount rate of for the premises, and for vehicles and equipment. The leases have varying terms, payment schedules and maturities. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line base over each of the lease terms. Payments due in each of the next five years and thereafter at September 30, 2024 under these leases are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Less imputed interest Present value of remaining lease payments Current Non-current Operating lease expense for these leases was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 38 Table of Contents , which will be paid by the Company s insurer. Payment of the settlement amount remains outstanding at September 30, 2024, and the Company has therefore recorded an accrued liability in respect of the settlement and a receivable related to the insurance proceeds. 39 Table of Contents in amounts alleged owed, plus pre-and post-judgment interest. The Company has filed a denial to the claims and intends to vehemently defend itself against the allegations. Pinch vs. Petrodome Matter In or about late 2011 or early 2012, Petrodome Operating, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petrodome (which in or about December, 2017 become a wholly owned subsidiary of Viking), on behalf of various working interest owners, including Petrodome East Creole, LLC, another subsidiary of Petrodome Energy, LLC, coordinated the drilling of an approx. 13,000 foot well in the Kings Bayou Field in Cameron Parish, LA. Petrodome Operating engaged a third party to complete the drilling work. The subject well produced hydrocarbons from 2012 until approximately June 2016, at which time production ceased, after which Petrodome Operating arranged for the well to be plugged in accordance with State guidelines. During the time the well was producing hydrocarbons, royalty and/or over-riding royalty payments were made to various mineral and/or land/owners (collectively, Mineral Owners ). In or about October, 2019 the Mineral Owners commenced an action against Petrodome Operating, Petrodome East Creole, LLC and others claiming the Mineral Owners suffered damages (i.e., a loss of royalty and/or over-riding royalty payments) as a result of the subject well not, according to the Mineral Owners, being drilled and/or completed properly. Petrodome Operating, Petrodome East Creole, LLC and the other defendants denied the Mineral Owners claims and engaged counsel to defend the action. In or about November, 2023, the parties, without the subject Petrodome entities admitting liability, agreed to fully and completely settle the matter and pay the Mineral Owners a total sum of million, of which Petrodome is liable for million. Payment of Petrodome s portion of the settlement is fully covered by insurance. At December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an accrued liability in respect of this settlement and a receivable related to the insurance proceeds in the amount of million. In February, 2024, the action commenced by the Mineral Owners was dismissed with prejudice and the settlement was paid with insurance proceeds. Archrock vs. Petrodome et al. On or about September 15, 2023, Archrock Partners Operating LLC filed a Petition (Court File No. 2013-4090) in Harris County, TX against Petrodome Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Viking Energy Group, Inc., Petrodome Operating, LLC, Pointe a la Hache LLC and Potash LLC alleging the defendants owe approximately on account of unpaid rental fees in connection with compressors located on oil gas properties leased by Pointe a la Hache LLC and Potash LLC. Petrodome Operating LLC was the contracted operator for the properties for a certain period of time. Petrodome Energy and Petrodome Operating, LLC deny the plaintiff s allegations against them. In or about May, 2024, the plaintiff added Viking and James Doris as defendants to the subject complaint. Viking and Mr. Doris deny the allegations against them. Operating expenses Cost of goods Lease operating costs General and administrative Stock based compensation Accretion - ARO Depreciation, depletion and amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations Assets Segment assets Corporate and unallocated assets Total Consolidated Assets 40 Table of Contents Operating expenses Cost of goods Lease operating costs General and administrative Stock based compensation Accretion - ARO Depreciation, depletion and amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations Assets Segment assets Corporate and unallocated assets Total Consolidated Assets shares of common stock of the Company) was increased from per share to per share. Series C Preferred Stock Between October 1 and November 11, 2024, the Company issued True-Up Shares to Antilles in connection with Delivery Notices submitted by Antilles. 41 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In preparing the management s discussion and analysis, the registrant presumes that you have read or have access to the discussion and analysis for the preceding fiscal year. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT S This document includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or the Reform Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earning, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions of performance; and statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: our ability to raise capital and the terms thereof; ability to gain an adequate player base to generate the expected revenue; competition with established gaming websites; adverse changes in government regulations or polices; and other factors referenced in this Form 10-Q. The use in this Form 10-Q of such words as believes , plans , anticipates , expects , intends , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. These forward-looking statements present the Company s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Report. Except for the Company s ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required by the federal securities laws, the Company does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to update any forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any of the forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed or any of the Company s forward-looking statements. The Company s future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. PLAN OF OPERATIONS Company Overview Camber is a growth-oriented diversified energy company. Through our majority-owned subsidiaries we provide custom energy and power solutions to commercial and industrial clients in North America, and have a majority interest in: (i) an entity with intellectual property rights to a fully developed, patented, proprietary Medical and Bio-Hazard Waste Treatment system using Ozone Technology; and (ii) entities with the intellectual property rights to fully developed, patented and patent pending, proprietary Electric Transmission and Distribution Open Conductor Detection Systems. Also, we hold a license to a patented clean energy and carbon-capture system with exclusivity in Canada and for multiple locations in the United States. Various of our other subsidiaries own interests in oil properties in the United States. The Company is also exploring other renewable energy-related opportunities and/or technologies, which are currently generating revenue, or have a reasonable prospect of generating revenue within a reasonable period of time. 42 Table of Contents Custom Energy and Power Solutions: Simson-Maxwell Acquisition On August 6, 2021, Viking acquired approximately 60.5 of the issued and outstanding shares of Simson-Maxwell Ltd. Simson-Maxwell ), a Canadian federal corporation, for 7,958,159 in cash. Simson-Maxwell manufactures and supplies power generation products, services and custom energy solutions. Simson-Maxwell provides commercial and industrial clients with efficient, flexible, environmentally responsible and clean-tech energy systems involving a wide variety of products, including CHP (combined heat and power), tier 4 final diesel and natural gas industrial engines, solar, wind and storage. Simson-Maxwell also designs and assembles a complete line of electrical control equipment including switch gear, synchronization and paralleling gear, distribution, Bi-Fuel and complete power generation production controls. Operating for over 80 years, Simson-Maxwell s seven branches assist with servicing a large number of existing maintenance arrangements and meeting the energy and power-solution demands of the Company s other customers. Clean Energy and Carbon-Capture System: In August 2021, Viking entered into a license agreement with ESG Clean Energy, LLC ESG ), to utilize ESG s patent rights and know-how related to stationary electric power generation and heat and carbon dioxide capture (the ESG Clean Energy System ). The intellectual property licensed by Viking includes certain patents and/or patent applications, including: (i) U.S. Patent No.: 10,774,733, File date: October 24, 2018, Issue date: September 15, 2020, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (ii) U.S. Patent No.: 17/661,382, Issue date: August 8, 2023, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power, Capturing Carbon Dioxide and Producing Products (iii) U.S. Patent No.: 11624307, Issue date: April 22, 2023, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power and Capturing Carbon Dioxide (iv) European (validated in the United Kingdom, France and Germany) Patent No.: EP3728891, Issue date: April 12, 2023, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (v) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/224,200, File date: April 7, 2021, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (which was subsequently approved by the U.S. Patent Trademark Office in March, 2022 (No. 11,286,832); (vi) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/358,197, File date: June 25, 2021, Titled: Bottoming Cycle Power System (vii) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/448,943, File date: September 27, 2021, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power and Capturing Carbon Dioxide and (viii) U.S. Patent Application No.: 17/448,938, File date: September 27, 2021, Titled: Systems and Methods Associated With Bottoming Cycle Power Systems for Generating Power, Capturing Carbon Dioxide and Producing Products. The ESG Clean Energy System is designed to, among other things, generate clean electricity from internal combustion engines and utilize waste heat to capture approximately 100 of the carbon dioxide (CO2) emitted from the engine without loss of efficiency, and in a manner to facilitate the production of certain commodities. Patent No. 11,286,832, for example, covers the invention of an exhaust-gas-to-exhaust-gas heat exchanger that efficiently cools and then reheats exhaust from a primary power generator so greater energy output can be achieved by a secondary power source with safe ventilation. Another key aspect of this patent is the development of a carbon dioxide capture system that utilizes the waste heat of the carbon dioxide pump to heat and regenerate the adsorber that enables carbon dioxide to be safely contained and packaged. The Company intends to sell, lease and/or sub-license the ESG Clean Energy System to third parties using, among other things, Simson-Maxwell s existing distribution channels. The Company may also utilize the ESG Clean Energy System for its own account, whether in connection with its petroleum operations, Simson-Maxwell s power generation operations, or otherwise. Medical Waste Disposal System Using Ozone Technology: In January 2022, Viking acquired a 51 interest in Viking Ozone, which owns the intellectual property rights to a patented (i.e., US Utility Patent No. 11,565,289), proprietary medical and biohazard waste treatment system using ozone technology. Simson-Maxwell has been designated the exclusive worldwide manufacturer and vendor of this system. The technology is designed to be a sustainable alternative to incineration, chemical, autoclave and heat treatment of bio-hazardous waste, and for the treated waste to be classified as renewable fuel for waste-to-energy WTE facilities in many locations around the world. 43 Table of Contents Open Conductor Detection Technologies: In February 2022, Viking acquired a 51 interest in two entities, Viking Sentinel and Viking Protection, that own the intellectual property rights to patented and patent pending proprietary electric transmission and distribution open conductor detection systems. The systems are designed to detect a break in a transmission line, distribution line, or coupling failure, and to immediately terminate the power to the line before it reaches the ground. The technology is intended to increase public safety and reduce the risk of causing an incendiary event, and to be an integral component within grid hardening and stability initiatives by electric utilities to improve the resiliency and reliability of existing infrastructure. . A summary of the applicable patents, pending patents and/or patent applications associated with the intellectual property owned by Viking Sentinel and/or Viking Protection as at the date hereof is as follows: Application # Description Application Filed Notice of Allowance Received Patent Issued U.S. No. 17/672,422 Electric Transmission Line Ground Fault Prevention Methods Using Dual, High Sensitivity Monitoring Yes Yes Yes U.S. No. 17/693,504 Electric Transmission Line Ground Fault Prevention Systems Using Dual, High Sensitivity Monitoring Yes Yes Yes U.S. No. 17/821,651 Electric Transmission Line Ground Fault Prevention systems using dual parameter monitoring with high sensitivity relay devices in parallel with low sensitivity relay devices Yes Yes Yes U.S. No. 18/227,670 Electric Transmission Line Ground Fault Prevention Methods Using Multi-Parameter High Sensitivity Monitoring Yes Yes Yes U.S. No. 17/300,485 End of Line Protection with Trip-Signal Engaging Yes Yes Yes U.S. No. 17/628,545 End of Line Protection with Blocking Yes Yes Yes International Application No. PCT/US2024/010627 Electric Transmission Line Ground Fault Prevention Methods Using Multi-Parameter High Sensitivity Monitoring Yes Oil and Gas Properties: As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not hold any interest in producing oil and gas properties. Divestitures in 2024: On February 1, 2024, the Company sold its working interest in oil and gas properties producing from the Cline and Wolfberry formations in Texas for gross proceeds of 205,000. 44 Table of Contents The Company recorded a net loss on this transaction, as follows: Proceeds from sale (net of transaction costs) 205,000 Reduction in oil and gas full cost pool (based on of reserves disposed) (1,038,900 ARO recovered 78,394 Loss on disposal (755,506 Divestitures in 2023: On November 5, 2023, Mid-Con Petroleum, LLC and Mid-Con Drilling, LLC, wholly owned subsidiaries of Viking, sold 100 of their interest in oil and gas assets in Kansas, consisting of 168 producing wells, 90 injector wells and 34 non-producing wells, for gross proceeds of 515,000. On December 1, 2023, a subsidiary of Petrodome sold its non-operated working interest in a producing oil well in Texas for proceeds of 250,000. The Company recorded a net gain on these two transactions, as follows: Proceeds from sale (net of transaction costs) 751,450 Reduction in oil and gas full cost pool (based on of reserves disposed) (1,049,229 ARO recovered 1,104,806 Cash bond recoverable (net of fees) 47,438 Gain on disposal 854,465 Following these transactions, Petrodome ceased to be the operator of any oil and gas properties and applied for the refund of a cash performance bond of 50,000. The refund, net of fees, is included in prepaids and other current assets at December 31, 2023 and was included in the determination of the gain on disposal. Merger with Viking Energy Group, Inc. On August 1, 2023, Camber Energy, Inc. Camber , the Company , we , us or our completed the previously announced merger (the Merger with Viking Energy Group, Inc. pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger between Camber and Viking dated February 15, 2021, which was amended on April 18, 2023 (as amended, the Merger Agreement ), with Viking surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Camber. Upon the terms and conditions in the Merger Agreement, each share: (i) of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Viking (the Viking Common Stock issued and outstanding, other than shares owned by Camber, was converted into the right to receive one share of common stock of Camber (the Camber Common Stock (ii) of Series C Preferred Stock of Viking (the Viking Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Viking (the Viking Series E Preferred Stock, and, together with the Viking Series C Preferred Stock, the Viking Preferred Stock issued and outstanding was converted into the right to receive one share of Series H Preferred Stock of Camber (the New Camber Series H Preferred Stock, and, together with the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock, the New Camber Preferred ). 45 Table of Contents Each share of New Camber Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 890 shares of Camber Common Stock (subject to a beneficial ownership limitation preventing conversion into Camber Common Stock if the holder would be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99 of Camber Common Stock), is treated equally with Camber Common Stock with respect to dividends and liquidation, and only has voting rights with respect to voting: (a) on a proposal to increase or reduce Camber s share capital; (b) on a resolution to approve the terms of a buy-back agreement; (c) on a proposal to wind up Camber; (d) on a proposal for the disposal of all or substantially all of Camber s property, business and undertaking; (f) during the winding-up of Camber; and/or (g) with respect to a proposed merger or consolidation in which Camber is a party or a subsidiary of Camber is a party. Each share of New Camber Series H Preferred Stock has a face value of 10,000 per share, is convertible into a certain number of shares of Camber Common Stock, with the conversion ratio based upon achievement of certain milestones by Viking s subsidiary, Viking Protection (provided the holder has not elected to receive the applicable portion of the purchase price in cash pursuant to that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2022, by and between Viking and Jedda Holdings, LLC), is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99 of Camber Common Stock (but may be increased up to a maximum of 9.99 at the sole election of a holder by the provision of at least 61 days advance written notice) and has voting rights equal to one vote per share of Camber Series H Preferred Stock held on a non-cumulative basis. Each outstanding option or warrant to purchase Viking Common Stock (a Viking Option ), to the extent unvested, automatically became fully vested and was converted automatically into an option or warrant (an Adjusted Option to purchase, on substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Viking Option, except that instead of being exercisable into Viking Common Stock, such Adjusted Option is exercisable into Camber Common Stock. Each outstanding promissory note issued by Viking that is convertible into Viking Common Stock (a Viking Convertible Note was converted into a promissory note convertible into Camber Common Stock (an Adjusted Convertible Note having substantially the same terms and conditions as applied to the corresponding Viking Convertible Note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any extended post-termination conversion period that applies following consummation of the Merger), except that instead of being convertible into Viking Common Stock, such Adjusted Convertible Note is convertible into Camber Common Stock. In connection with the Merger, Camber issued approximately 49,290,152 shares of Camber Common Stock, which represented approximately 59.99 of the outstanding Camber Common Stock after giving effect to such issuance. In addition, Camber reserved for issuance approximately 88,647,137 additional shares of Camber Common Stock in connection with the potential (1) conversion of the New Camber Series A Preferred Stock, (2) conversion of the New Camber Series H Preferred Stock, (3) exercise of the Adjusted Options and (4) conversion of the Adjusted Convertible Notes. For accounting purposes, the Merger is deemed a reverse acquisition. Consequently, Viking (the legal subsidiary) was treated as the acquiror of Camber (the legal parent). Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements reflect the financial position, operating results, and cash flow of Viking up to the date of the Merger, and the combined financial position, operating results and cash flow of Viking and Camber from August 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. The prior year comparative financial information is that of Viking. James A. Doris continues to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, and the combined company continues to have its headquarters in Houston, Texas. Recent Development On August 7, 2024, the Company received notice from the NYSE Regulation that it had suspended trading of the Company s common stock and determined to commence proceedings to delist the Company s common stock from the NYSE American as a result of its determination that the Company is no longer suitable for listing pursuant to Section 1003(f)(v) of the NYSE American Company Guide due to the low selling price of the Company s common stock. The Company had a right to a review of the staff s determination to delist the Company s common stock by the Listings Qualifications Panel of the Committee for Review of the Board of Directors of the NYSE American. The Company decided not to request a review of the staff s determination and appeal this determination. On August 16, 2024, the NYSE filed a Notification of Removal from Listing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist the Company s common stock pending. The Company s common stock began trading under the trading symbol CEIN on the OTC Pink Market operated on the OTC Markets system effective with the open of the markets on August 8, 2024. Effective August 27, 2024, the Company received approval to have its common stock quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market on the OTC Markets. 46 Table of Contents Going Concern Qualification The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company generated a net loss of (63,944,509) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to a net loss of (10,785,683) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was comprised of, among other things, certain non-cash items, including: (i) goodwill impairment of 34,860,411; (ii) change in fair value of derivative liability of 18,573,289; (iii) amortization of debt discount of 2,538,362; (iv) loss on extinguishment of debt of 811,132; (v) loss on disposal of membership interests of 755,506; and (vi) depreciation, depletion and amortization of 596,427. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a stockholders deficit of (31,662,829), long-term debt, net of current, of 39,673,475 and a working capital deficiency of 14,221,385. The largest components of current liabilities creating this working capital deficiency is accrued interest on notes payable to Discover Growth Fund, LLC Discover of 6,194,664 and drawings by Simson-Maxwell against its bank credit facility of 4,193,122. These conditions raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to utilize the resources in place to generate future profitable operations, to develop additional acquisition opportunities, and to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from business operations when they come due. Management believes the Company may be able to continue to develop new opportunities and may be able to obtain additional funds through debt and / or equity financings to facilitate its business strategy; however, there is no assurance of additional funding being available. These condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence. RESULTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operation of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on August 26, 2024. Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Current assets 15,085,907 17,944,854 Current liabilities 29,307,292 27,396,632 Working capital deficit (14,221,385 (9,451,778 47 Table of Contents Cash Flows: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (1,454,022 (4,840,379 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities 138,546 21,582 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 860,831 3,012,047 Decrease in Cash during the Period (454,645 (1,806,750 Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of Period 451,415 1,432,599 Net cash used in operating activities was (1,454,022) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to (4,840,379) in the comparable period in 2023. This increase is primarily the result of a higher net working capital deficit, partially offset by an increased cash loss. Net cash flows from investing activities increased to 138,546 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 21,582 in the comparable period in 2023. This increase is due primarily to proceeds of 205,000 from the sale of oil and gas properties in 2024. Net cash flows from financing activities decreased to 860,831 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 3,012,047 in the comparable period in 2023. This decrease is mainly due to lower net proceeds on the issuance of debt. Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 Revenue The Company had gross revenues of 7,198,012 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 10,131,070 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2,933,058 or 29 . The reported decrease is driven primarily by an unusually large sale recorded in the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. Expenses The Company s operating expenses decreased by 1,606,922 to 9,067,532 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, from 10,674,454 in the corresponding prior year three-month period. Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 5,121,748, as compared to 6,653,715 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023 due to decreased power segment sales. Lease operating costs decreased were nil for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 207,931 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. Depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A expense decreased to 185,298 as compared to 237,361 in the prior period. General and administrative expenses increased to 3,760,486 compared to 3,557,486 in the corresponding prior period. Loss from Operations The Company generated a loss from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of (1,869,520), compared to (543,384) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 48 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense) The Company had other expense, net, of (32,902,161) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to other expense, net of (7,333,960) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The higher expense was due primarily to goodwill impairment of (34,860,411), partially offset by a gain in fair value of derivative liability of 2,668,909 as compared to a loss in fair value of (5,986,536) in the prior year. Net Loss The Company had a net loss of (34,771,681) during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a net loss of (7,877,344) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Revenue The Company had gross revenues of 25,410,505 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 24,407,583 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1,002,922 or 4 . Higher power segment revenues were partially offset by lower oil and gas revenues. Expenses The Company s operating expenses increased by 3,180,080 to 30,801,256 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, from 27,621,176 in the corresponding prior year nine-month period. Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 17,886,731, as compared to 16,256,686 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 due to increased power segment sales. Lease operating costs decreased to 22,352 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 534,123 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A expense was 596,427 as compared to 698,061 in the prior period. Stock based compensation was 305,000 as compared to zero in the prior period. General and administrative expenses increased by 1,925,503 to 11,990,210 compared to 10,064,707 in the corresponding prior period. Loss from Operations The Company generated a loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of (5,390,751), compared to (3,213,593) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other Income (Expense) The Company had other expense, net, of (58,553,758) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to other expense, net, of (7,572,090) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The higher expense was due primarily to goodwill impairment of (34,860,411), a loss on the change in fair value of derivative liability of (18,573,289), a loss on disposal of membership interests of (755,506) and higher interest expense, amortization of debt discount and loss on extinguishment of debt. Net Loss The Company had a net loss of (63,944,509) during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with a net loss of (10,785,683) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 49 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared and actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. Due to the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. On a regular basis, we review our critical accounting policies and how they are applied in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the sufficiency of the disclosures pertaining to our accounting policies in the footnotes accompanying our condensed consolidated financial statements. Described below are the most significant policies we apply in preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, some of which are subject to alternative treatments under GAAP. We also describe the most significant estimates and assumptions we make in applying these policies. See Note 4 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities The Company consolidates the financial results of its subsidiaries, defined as entities in which the Company holds a controlling financial interest. Several of the Company s subsidiaries are considered to be Variable Interest Entities VIE s which are defined as an entity for which any of the following conditions exist: 1. The total equity is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. 2. The equity holders as a group have one of the following four characteristics: i. Lack the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. ii. Possess non-substantive voting rights. iii. Lack the obligation to absorb the entity s expected losses. iv. Lack the right to receive the entity expected residual returns. The Company consolidates the financial results of a VIE when it is determined that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Revenue Recognition Power Generation Revenues Through its 60.5 ownership in Simson-Maxwell, the Company manufactures and sells power generation products, services and custom energy solutions. Sale of Power Generation Units The Company considers the completed unit or units to be a single performance obligation for purposes of revenue recognition and recognizes revenue when control of the product is transferred to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer. Progress payments are recognized as contract liabilities until the completed unit is delivered. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the transfer of the units, which is generally the price stated in the contract. The Company does not allow returns because of the customized nature of the units and does not offer discounts, rebates, or other promotional incentives or allowances to customers. Simson-Maxwell has elected to recognize the cost for freight activities when control of the product has transferred to the customer as an expense within cost of goods. 50 Table of Contents Parts Revenue The Company considers the purchase orders for parts, which in some cases are governed by master sales agreements, to be the contracts with the customers. For each contract, the Company considers the commitment to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the identified performance obligations. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the transfer of product, which is generally the price stated in the contract specific for each item sold, adjusted for the value of expected returns. Simson-Maxwell has elected to recognize the cost for freight activities when control of the product has transferred to the customer as an expense within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Parts revenues are recognized at the point in time when control of the product is transferred to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer. Service and Repairs Service and repairs are generally performed on customer owned equipment and billed based on labor hours incurred. Each repair is considered a performance obligation. As a result of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. Simson-Maxwell generally uses the cost-to-cost measure of progress for its service work because the customer controls the asset as it is being serviced. Most service and repairs are completed in one or two days. Oil and Gas Revenues Sales of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids NGLs are included in revenue when production is sold to a customer in fulfillment of performance obligations under the terms of agreed contracts. Performance obligations primarily comprise delivery of oil, gas, or NGLs at a delivery point, as negotiated within each contract. Each barrel of oil, million BTU MMBtu of natural gas, or other unit of measure is separately identifiable and represents a distinct performance obligation to which the transaction price is allocated. Performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time once control of the product has been transferred to the customer. Goodwill Goodwill is the excess of cost of an acquired entity over the fair value of amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is subject to impairment testing at least annually and will be tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. An entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after completing the assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company will proceed to a quantitative test. The Company may also elect to perform a quantitative test instead of a qualitative test for any or all of our reporting units. The test compares the fair value of an entity s reporting units to the carrying value of those reporting units. This quantitative test requires various judgments and estimates. The Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit using a market approach in combination with a discounted operating cash flow approach. Impairment of goodwill is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over the fair values of recognized and unrecognized assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. Intangible Assets Intangible assets include amounts capitalized for the Company s license agreement with ESG as described in Note 2. This asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining life of the related patents being licensed, which is approximately 16 years. Additionally, with the acquisition of Simson-Maxwell, the Company identified other intangible assets consisting of customer relationships (which is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 10 years) and Simson-Maxwell brand (which is not being amortized) with an aggregate appraised fair value 3,908,126. 51 Table of Contents With the acquisition of a 51 interest in Viking Ozone, Viking Sentinel and Viking Protection, as described in Note 8, the Company has aggregate intangible assets of 15,433,340. These assets have an indefinite life and are not being amortized. The Company reviews these intangible assets, at least annually, for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances that the assets carrying amount may not be recoverable. In evaluating the future benefit of its intangible assets, the Company estimates the anticipated discounted future net cash flows of the intangible assets over the remaining estimated useful life. If the carrying amount is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded for the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. Derivative Liability The Series C Preferred Stock COD contains provisions that could result in modification of the Series C Preferred Stock conversion price that is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option as defined under FASB ASC Topic No. 815 - 40. The Series C Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a fixed 162.50 conversion rate. Upon conversion, the holder is entitled to dividends as if the shares had been held to maturity, which is referred to as the Conversion Premium. The Conversion Premium may be paid in shares or cash, at the option of the Company. If the Conversion Premium is paid in cash, the amount is fixed and not subject to adjustment. If the Conversion Premium is paid in shares, the conversion ratio is based on a VWAP calculation based on the lowest stock price over the Measurement Period. The Measurement Period is 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) prior to the conversion date and 30 trading days (or 60 trading days if there is a Triggering Event) after the conversion date. The VWAP calculation is subject to adjustment if there is a Triggering Event and the Measurement Period is subject to adjustment in the event that the Company is in default of one or more Equity Conditions provided in the COD. For example, the Measurement period may be extended one day for every day the Company is not in compliance with one or more of the Equity Conditions. Trigger events are described in the designation of the Series C Preferred Stock, but include items which would typically be events of default under a debt security, including filing of reports late with the SEC. At the conversion date, the number of shares due for the Conversion Premium is estimated based on the previous 30-day VWAP. If the Company does not elect to pay the Conversion Premium in cash, the Company will issue all shares due for the conversion and the estimated shares due for the conversion premium. If the VWAP calculation for the portion of the Measurement Period following the date of conversion is lower than the VWAP for the portion of the Measurement Period prior to the date of conversion, the holder will be issued additional shares of common stock, referred to as True-Up shares. If the VWAP calculation is higher, no True-Up shares are issued. The Company has determined that the Series C Preferred Stock contains an embedded derivative liability relating to the Conversion Premium and, upon conversion, a derivative liability for the potential obligation to issue True-Up Shares relating to Series C shares that have been converted and the Measurement Period has not expired, if applicable. The fair value of the derivative liability relating to the Conversion Premium for any outstanding Series C Shares is equal to the cash required to settle the Conversion Premium. The fair value of the potential True-Up share obligation has been estimated using a binomial pricing mode and the lesser of the conversion price or the low closing price of the Company s stock subsequent to the conversion date and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this section have the meaning assigned to them in the Series C COD. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The Company, as a smaller reporting company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act), is not required to furnish the information required by this item. 52 Table of Contents ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company does not currently maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures would include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024, have been evaluated, and, based upon this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer has concluded that these controls and procedures were not effective. Material Weaknesses and Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management has identified the following material weaknesses in the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting: 1. The Company does not have sufficient staff to maintain a proper segregation of duties; 2. The Company lacks sufficient internal resources to analyze and interpret accounting for certain complex features of the Series C Preferred shares and other complex accounting issues; and 3. The Company has not designed controls to ensure that financial information is reviewed and approved by an individual at the same or higher level than the preparer of the financial information. Specifically, the CFO is the primary preparer of most of the financial information, including the complex accounting areas such as equity transactions, derivative liabilities, impairment and business combinations. There is no review or approval of this information. Management of the Company is addressing these material weaknesses by hiring additional staff and seeking the assistance of subject matter experts for accounting advice on complex matters. Management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls and procedures and the Company s internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. There were no changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 53 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, the Company may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of commercial operations in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. Merger-Related Litigation On February 9, 2024, plaintiff Lawrence Rowe, on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated former public minority shareholders of Viking, filed against the Company and its CEO a putative Class Action Complaint (i.e. C.A. No.4:24-cv-00489) styled Lawrence Rowe, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. James A. Doris and Camber Energy, Inc. , in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duty in connection with the merger between Viking and the Company and seeks to recover damages for the alleged breaches. The defendants deny the allegations and filed a motion to dismiss MTD the case on April 26, 2024. The MTD hearing was held on August 30, 2024 and the Court s decision with respect to such hearing remains pending. Shareholder-Related Litigation The Company was the target of a short report issued by Kerrisdale Capital in early October 2021, and as a result of such short report, on October 29, 2021, a Class Action Complaint (i.e. C.A.No.4:21-cv-03574) was filed against the Company, its CEO and CFO by Ronald E. Coggins, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Camber Energy, Inc., et al .; in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division, pursuant to which the plaintiffs sought to recover damages alleged to have been suffered by them as a result of the defendants violations of federal securities laws. The Company and the other Defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss MTD the Class Action Complaint, and on September 22, 2023, the Court granted the MTD in full. On October 25, 2023, the Court signed a joint stipulation submitted by the parties, dismissing the case with prejudice. On or about June 30, 2022, the Company was made aware of a Shareholder Derivative Complaint (Case No. 4:22-cv-2167) filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division (the Court against the Company, its current directors, and certain of its former directors (the Houston Derivative Complaint ). The allegations contained in the Houston Derivative Complaint involve state-law claims for breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment and a federal securities claim under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On January 20, 2023, the Court held that certain claims brought by the plaintiff relating to director actions and statements made in proxy statements prior to June 30, 2019, were time barred, but did not dismiss certain claims brought by plaintiff relating to director actions and statements made in proxy statements after June 30, 2019. Pursuant to Article 6 of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, on February 15, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board formed a Committee of the Board (the Special Litigation Committee to investigate, analyze, and evaluate the remaining allegations in the Houston Derivative Complaint. The Special Litigation Committee completed its investigation and found no basis to conclude that any Camber officer s or director s conduct involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law, which would be required under applicable Nevada law to prevail on any claims for breach of fiduciary duty or federal proxy violations; and, on November 17, 2023, filed with the Court a Motion to Terminate or, in the alternative, schedule an evidentiary hearing on the Motion. Briefing on the Motion was completed on January 12, 2024. On or about June 21, 2024, the parties to the Houston Derivative Complaint entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the Stipulation and Settlement to fully, finally, and forever resolve, discharge, and settle all of the claims in the Houston Derivative Complaint, without the defendants admitting any liability, subject to approval of the Court and subject to the terms and conditions thereof. Any fees to be paid to the plaintiffs attorneys and/or the plaintiff(s) in connection with or pursuant to the Stipulation and Settlement will be paid by the Company s insurer. On July 2, 2024, the Court issued an order providing for preliminary approval of the Stipulation and Settlement and set a final approval hearing for September 12, 2024. On or about September 17, 2024, the Court issued a final order and judgement approving the Stipulation and Settlement and awarded fees payable to the Plaintiff s legal counsel in the amount of 1,200,000, which will be paid by the Company s insurer. Payment of the settlement amount remains outstanding at September 30, 2024, and the Company has therefore recorded an accrued liability in respect of the settlement and a receivable related to the insurance proceeds. 54 Table of Contents Maranatha Oil Matter In November 2015, Randy L. Robinson, d/b/a Maranatha Oil Co. sued the Company in Gonzales County, Texas (Cause No. 26160). The plaintiff alleged that it assigned oil and gas leases to the Company in April 2010, retaining a 4 overriding royalty interest and 50 working interest and that the Company failed to pay such overriding royalty interest or royalty interest. The interests relate to certain oil and gas properties which the Company subsequently sold to Nordic Oil USA in April 2013. The petition alleges causes of actions for breach of contract, failure to pay royalties, non-payment of working interest, fraud, fraud in the inducement of contract, money had and received, constructive trust, violation of theft liability act, continuing tort and fraudulent concealment. The suit seeks approximately 100,000 in amounts alleged owed, plus pre-and post-judgment interest. The Company has filed a denial to the claims and intends to vehemently defend itself against the allegations. Pinch vs. Petrodome Matter In or about late 2011 or early 2012, Petrodome Operating, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petrodome (which in or about December, 2017 become a wholly owned subsidiary of Viking), on behalf of various working interest owners, including Petrodome East Creole, LLC, another subsidiary of Petrodome Energy, LLC, coordinated the drilling of an approx. 13,000 foot well in the Kings Bayou Field in Cameron Parish, LA. Petrodome Operating engaged a third party to complete the drilling work. The subject well produced hydrocarbons from 2012 until approximately June 2016, at which time production ceased, after which Petrodome Operating arranged for the well to be plugged in accordance with State guidelines. During the time the well was producing hydrocarbons, royalty and/or over-riding royalty payments were made to various mineral and/or land/owners (collectively, Mineral Owners ). In or about October, 2019 the Mineral Owners commenced an action against Petrodome Operating, Petrodome East Creole, LLC and others claiming the Mineral Owners suffered damages (i.e., a loss of royalty and/or over-riding royalty payments) as a result of the subject well not, according to the Mineral Owners, being drilled and/or completed properly. Petrodome Operating, Petrodome East Creole, LLC and the other defendants denied the Mineral Owners claims and engaged counsel to defend the action. In or about November, 2023, the parties, without the subject Petrodome entities admitting liability, agreed to fully and completely settle the matter and pay the Mineral Owners a total sum of 6.5 million, of which Petrodome is liable for 4.15 million. Payment of Petrodome s portion of the settlement is fully covered by insurance. At December 31, 2023, the Company recorded an accrued liability in respect of this settlement and a receivable related to the insurance proceeds in the amount of 4.15 million. In February, 2024, the action commenced by the Mineral Owners was dismissed with prejudice and the settlement was paid with insurance proceeds. Archrock vs. Petrodome et al. On or about September 15, 2023, Archrock Partners Operating LLC filed a Petition (Court File No. 2013-4090) in Harris County, TX against Petrodome Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Viking Energy Group, Inc., Petrodome Operating, LLC, Pointe a la Hache LLC and Potash LLC alleging the defendants owe approximately 400,000 on account of unpaid rental fees in connection with compressors located on oil gas properties leased by Pointe a la Hache LLC and Potash LLC. Petrodome Operating LLC was the contracted operator for the properties for a certain period of time. Petrodome Energy and Petrodome Operating, LLC deny the plaintiff s allegations against them. In or about May, 2024, the plaintiff added Viking and James Doris as defendants to the subject complaint. Viking and Mr. Doris deny the allegations against them. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company is not required to provide the information under this item. 55 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued unregistered equity securities as described below: The Company issued a total of 36,103,638 shares of common stock to preferred stockholders. Such shares of common stock were due under one of the stockholder s prior conversions of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock, and were issued pursuant to the exemptions from registration provided by Section s 3(a)(9), 3(a)(10), 4(a)(1) and 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 144 promulgated thereunder, as the shares of common stock were issued in exchange for preferred stock of the Company held by the preferred stockholder, there was no additional consideration for the exchanges, there was no remuneration for the solicitation of the exchanges, the exchanged securities had been held by the preferred stockholder for the requisite holding period, the preferred stockholder was not an affiliate of the Company, the Company was not a shell company, there was no general solicitation and the transactions with the shareholders did not involve a public offering. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. On August 7, 2024, Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company received notice from the NYSE Regulation that it had suspended trading of the Company s common stock and determined to commence proceedings to delist the Company s common stock from the NYSE American as a result of its determination that the Company is no longer suitable for listing pursuant to Section 1003(f)(v) of the NYSE American Company Guide due to the low selling price of the Company s common stock. The Company had a right to a review of the staff s determination to delist the Company s common stock by the Listings Qualifications Panel of the Committee for Review of the Board of Directors of the NYSE American. The Company decided not to request a review of the staff s determination and appeal this determination. On August 16, 2024, the NYSE filed a Notification of Removal from Listing with the Securities and Exchange Commission to delist the Company s common stock pending. The Company s common stock began trading under the trading symbol CEIN on the OTC Pink Market operated on the OTC Markets system effective with the open of the markets on August 8, 2024. Effective August 27, 2024, the Company received approval to have its common stock quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market on the OTC Markets. 56 Table of Contents Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review. On August 21, 2024, the Board of Directors of Camber Energy, Inc. Camber or the Company ), based on the recommendation of the Company s management and the Audit Committee, and after consultation with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, concluded that the Company s previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report and the Company s previously issued unaudited consolidated financial statements included in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 30, 2023 and March 31, 2024 (the Quarterly Reports and, together with the Annual Report, the Reports and all financial statements included in the Reports, collectively, the Affected Financials should no longer be relied upon due to how the Company valued its equity interest in Viking Energy, Inc. Viking at the closing date of the previously disclosed merger involving Camber and Viking. Similarly, any previously furnished or filed reports, related earnings releases, related management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, investor presentations or similar communications of the Company describing relevant portions of the Affected Financials should no longer be relied upon. The Company has since filed amendments to the Annual Report and the Quarterly Reports, including restated financial statements and related disclosures (collectively, the Amended Reports ). The restatements to the financial statements in the Amended Reports were non-cash adjustments and did not impact the cash flows of the Company. With respect to internal controls over financial reporting, the Company had previously disclosed in the Affected Filings the existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting due to a lack of internal resources to analyze and interpret complex accounting issues. The Company s management discussed the matters with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 57 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 4.1 Second Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Designation of Series C Preferred Stock, dated February 21, 2024 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Camber s Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 21, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) (File No. 001-32508) 10.1 Agreement by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and the Investor named therein, dated February 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Camber s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2024) 10.2 Termination Agreement, by and between Camber Energy, Inc. and RESC Renewables Holdings, LLC, effective as of March 13, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Camber s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2024) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63 99.1 Shareholder Letter dated August 27, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Camber s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2024 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) _______________ Filed herewith XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. ITEM 7. OFF BALANCE-SHEET ARRANGEMENTS None. 58 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CAMBER ENERGY, INC. (Registrant) /s/ James Doris Date: November 13, 2024 Principal Executive Officer /s/ John McVicar Date: November 13, 2024 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cei_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, James Doris, Principal Executive Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Camber Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that was materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ James Doris James Doris Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cei_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, John McVicar, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Camber Energy, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and we have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that was materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 13, 2024 /s/ John McVicar John McVicar Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cei_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James Doris, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ James Doris James Doris Principal Executive Officer November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cei_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cei_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CAMBER ENERGY, INC. Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Camber Energy, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, John McVicar, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ John McVicar John McVicar Principal Financial and Accounting Officer November 13, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cei-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cei-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cei-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cei-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

