<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_2018145_0001213900-24-094105.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2204675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57540</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>619226</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>311206</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>528086</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>657969</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-094105.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104160526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-094105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rising Dragon Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002018145
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42368
		FILM NUMBER:		241423451

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.604, YIXING ROAD
		STREET 2:		WANBOLIN DISTRICT
		CITY:			TAIYUAN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			030000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-18817777987

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.604, YIXING ROAD
		STREET 2:		WANBOLIN DISTRICT
		CITY:			TAIYUAN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			030000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-094105.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 ea0219343-10q_rising.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , , , People s Republic of (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , and one Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of an Ordinary Share The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 4, 2024, there were 
of the Company s ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 16 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 16 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 16 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 17 

SIGNATURES 
 18 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION
CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current asset: 

Cash 

Total current asset: 

Deferred offering costs 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Promissory note related party 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Shareholder s deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 
 -

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholder s Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

1 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION
CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 8, 2024 (INCEPTION)
TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Period from March 8, 2024 (inception) through
 September 30, 2024 

Formation and operating costs 

NET LOSS 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

2 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION
CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 8, 2024 (INCEPTION)
TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

No. of 
shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
capital 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 Shareholder s 
 deficit 
 
 Issuance of ordinary shares at inception March 8, 2024 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary share surrendered 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of ordinary shares to founder 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

3 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION
CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 8, 2024 (INCEPTION)
TO SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceed from promissory note related party 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 -

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Deferred offering costs paid by a related party 

Accrued deferred offering costs 

Capital contribution paid by a related party 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

4 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION
CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

units (the Public Units ), which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by the underwriter of
its over-allotment option, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the Company. Each Public Unit consists
of ordinary share and right Public Rights ). Each Public Right will entitle the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one ordinary share upon consummation of initial business combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Aurora Beacon LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 
to the Company. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Private Placement Share and right Private Placement Right ).
Each Private Placement Right will entitle the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial
business combination. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other offering costs. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
 of cash was held in trust with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. On October 15, 2024, of cash was released
to the Company and used for the Company s future working capital needs. 

The Company listed the Units on the Nasdaq Capital
Market NASDAQ ). The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally
applied toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target
businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any
deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay taxes payable) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection
with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that at least per Unit, including the proceeds of the sale of the Private
Units will be held in a trust account Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by
the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account
to the Company s shareholder, as described below. 

5 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 7). The
ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . 

The Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination,
or otherwise we are exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules), and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially
the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The Company s initial shareholders (the
 initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares, the ordinary shares included in the Private Placement
Units (the Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in
favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s Memorandum and Articles
of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to the Company in connection with a Business
Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) unless the Company provides public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to redeem
any founder shares and Private Placement Shares as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering for
cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer
in connection with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to
shareholder s rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the founder shares and Private Placement Shares
shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial
shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or
after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. The Company will have 15 months (or up to
21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
by the full amount of time, as described in more detail in the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering, dated October
10, 2024, filed with the SEC by the Company on October 11, 2024) (the Final Prospectus from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable),
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation
and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will
be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event
of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than . 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below
 per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce
the possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

6 

and a working capital deficit of . Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity has
been satisfied through the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur
significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation
of a Business Combination. 

The Company will have until 15 months
(or up to 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination by the full amount of time, as described in more detail in the Final Prospectus from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable), which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and
the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject
in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. There is a possibility that
a business combination might not happen within the 15-month (or 21-month if extended as described in the Final Prospectus) period from
the date of the auditors report. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined that if the Company
is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the
requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt
about the ability to continue as a going concern. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

7 

in cash as of September
30, 2024. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

8 

9 

Public Units, which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option, at
a purchase price of per Public Unit. 

Each Unit consists of ordinary share
and Public Right. Each whole Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share upon consummation of initial
business combination. 

All of the public shares sold
as part of the Public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public
shares if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. 

In accordance with the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. If it is probable that the
equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period
from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest
redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount
of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes
immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of
retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

10 

Private Placement Units, at a price of per Private Placement
Unit. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Private Placement Share and Private Placement Right. Each Private Placement Right
entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. 

The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except for certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. 

founder
share at par value of and surrendered such share on March 29, 2024. On March 29, 2024, the Company authorized to issue
an aggregate of founder shares at par value of to the initial shareholder, including an aggregate of ordinary
shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part, so that the initial shareholder will collectively own of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering (excluding the sale of the Private Units and assuming the initial shareholder does not purchase any Units in the Initial
Public Offering) (see Note 6) for an aggregate purchase price of . On October 10, 2024, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full, so those founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Private
Placement 

On October 15, 2024, the Company consummated the
sale of Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of to the Company. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On March 29, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of (the Promissory
Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2024, (ii) the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the abandonment of the Initial Public Offering. 

As of September
30, 2024 , the aggregate amounts of were drawn down from
the Promissory Note. 

preference
shares, at par value of . As of September 30, 2024, no preference shares were issued and outstanding. 

Ordinary shares 

The
Company is authorized to issue ordinary shares, at par value of . Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are
entitled to vote for each share. 

As
of September 30,2024, ordinary shares at par value of were
issued and outstanding. 

11 

-day
option to purchase up to Units (over and above Units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments at the Initial
Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 10, 2024, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment
option to purchase Public Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, and the balance of payable to the underwriters as deferred
underwriting discounts will be paid upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

Representative Shares 

The Company issued representative shares
to the underwriters as part of the underwriting compensation. The representative shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are
therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this
offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any
hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person
for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering, nor may they be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering
except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates. 

Public Units, which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by the underwriter of its
over-allotment option, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the Company. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in
a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of to the Company. 

On October 15, 2024, the Company issued 
ordinary shares of par value each to Lucid Capital Markets at the closing of the Initial Public Offering as part of representative
compensation. 

12 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Statements 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Rising Dragon Acquisition Corp. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to our Sponsor 
refer to Aurora Beacon LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included
in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy, and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance, or results to differ
materially from the events, performance, or results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of our final prospectus, dated October 10, 2024, for our initial public offering IPO filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 11, 2024 (the Final Prospectus ). Our securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company newly incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer
to throughout this report as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited
to a particular industry or geographic region. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor
has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal
or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction with our company. 

Recent Development 

On October 15, 2024, we consummated our IPO of 5,000,000 units (the
 Units ). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, 0.0001 par value Ordinary Share ), and one right Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an
offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Pursuant to that certain underwriting agreement, dated October
10, 2024, we granted Lucid Capital Markets, LLC, the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
750,000 Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-Allotment Option ). Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO, the underwriters exercised the Over-Allotment Option in full, generating total proceeds of 7,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on October 15, 2024, we
consummated the private placement Private Placement with Aurora Beacon LLC (the Sponsor of 254,375 units
(the Private Units ), generating total proceeds of 2,543,750. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO.
Additionally, the Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited
circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier
if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The
Sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units. 

On October 15, 2024, a total of 57,787,500 of the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public shareholders at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

13 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenue to date. Our only activities from inception to September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary
to prepare for and conduct the IPO, and since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective initial business combination. We will
not generate any operating revenue until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We have generated
and will continue to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash in bank and investments held in a trust account
established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the Trust Account ), from the proceeds derived from the IPO. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For the period from March 8, 2024
(inception) to September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 50,250, which consisted of formation and operational costs of 50,250. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 11,390, which consisted of formation and operational costs of 11,390. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 100 in our operating
bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 182,336. 

Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation
of the IPO were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in exchange for
issuance of founder shares, and the borrowing of approximately 162,324 from the Sponsor under an unsecured promissory note (see Note
5 Related Party Transactions in the notes to our unaudited condensed financial statements). We have repaid the unsecured
promissory note in full on October 15, 2024. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net
proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below) held outside of the Trust Account. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our anticipated cash needs prior to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such business combination. However, we cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available.
Over the time period prior to our initial business combination, we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying
existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due diligence on
prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the business combination. 

Going Concern Consideration 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if we are unsuccessful in consummating an
initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of our IPO, the requirement that we cease all operations,
redeem the public shares, and thereafter liquidate and dissolve, raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.
The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America, which contemplate the continuation of our Company as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets, or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations, or long-term liabilities. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3.25 of the gross
proceeds of the IPO upon closing of an initial business combination, or 1,868,750. The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing
of the business combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into on October
10, 2024, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register for resale the founder shares, the private
units and the underlying private shares and private rights, and the units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and the underlying
ordinary shares and rights. The holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such
securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating in the IPO may only
make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement of which
the Final Prospectus forms a part. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights on registration
statements filed after our consummation of a business combination; provided that any holder that is affiliated with an underwriter participating
in the IPO may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date
of the registration statement of which the Final Prospectus forms a part. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

14 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, there were no critical accounting policies or estimates. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required
under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for scope
exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and
should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company s
management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2020-06 will have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information
within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s management does not believe
the adoption of ASU 2023-09 will have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures. 

Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our audited
financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent
all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure
controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

15 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

The following information relates to the registration
statement on Form S-1 (File Number 333-280026), as amended (the Registration Statement for our initial public offering
(the IPO ), which was declared effective by the SEC on October 10, 2024. On October 15, 2024, we consummated our IPO of 5,000,000
Units. Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, and one Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000.
Pursuant to that certain underwriting agreement, dated October 10, 2024, we granted Lucid Capital Markets, LLC, the representative of
the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any, or the Over-Allotment
Option. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the underwriters exercised the Over-Allotment Option in full, generating total
proceeds of 7,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on
October 15, 2024, we consummated the Private Placement with Aurora Beacon LLC, or the Sponsor, of 254,375 Private Units, generating total
proceeds of 2,543,750. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO. Additionally, the Sponsor agreed not to transfer,
assign, or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement)
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having
the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback
registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units. 

On October 15, 2024, a total of 57,787,500 of
the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the
benefit of the Company s public shareholders at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee. 

We paid a total of 1,006,250 in underwriting
discounts (excluding deferred underwriting discount of 1,868,750) and 556,288 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our IPO, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

16 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

These certifications are furnished
to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

RISING DRAGON ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: November 4, 2024 
 /s/ Lulu Xing 

Name: 
 Lulu Xing 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: November 4, 2024 
 /s/
 Wenyi Shen 

Name: 
 Wenyi Shen 
 Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021934301ex31-1_rising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Lulu Xing, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rising Dragon Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/334-49313]; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2024 

/s/ Lulu Xing 

Lulu Xing 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021934301ex31-2_rising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Wenyi Shen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Rising Dragon Acquisition Corp., 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/334-49313] ; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2024 

/s/ Wenyi Shen 

Wenyi Shen 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021934301ex32-1_rising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Rising
Dragon Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 4, 2024 

/s/ Lulu Xing 

Lulu Xing 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021934301ex32-2_rising.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Rising
Dragon Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 4, 2024 

/s/ Wenyi Shen 

Wenyi Shen 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rdacu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rdacu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rdacu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rdacu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rdacu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

