<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-Q_edgar_data_2028707_0001213900-24-106929.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2731888</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73168</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>707444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>474779</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>668628</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>769407</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-106929.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209161020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-106929
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028707
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42392
		FILM NUMBER:		241535202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		47TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9177692999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		47TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-106929.txt : 20241209

10-Q
 1
 ea0223297-10q_bleich1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of December 9, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

BLEICHROEDER
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from June 24, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from June 24, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from June 24, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 15 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 
 16 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 16 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 16 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 16 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 16 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 17 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 17 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 18 

i 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report (as defined below), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2024
SPAC Rules are to the new rules and regulations for SPACs (as defined below) adopted by the SEC on January 24, 2024, which became
effective on July 1, 2024; 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum are to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and currently in effect; 

ASC 
are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to
 the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

Board of Directors 
 or Board are to our board of directors; 

Business Combination 
 are to a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one
 or more businesses; 

Class A Ordinary
 Shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B Ordinary
 Shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period 
 are to the 24-month period, from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to November 4, 2026 (or such earlier date as determined
 by the Board), that we have to consummate an initial Business Combination; provided that the Combination Period may be extended pursuant
 to an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and consistent with applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange rules; 

Company, 
 our, we or us are to Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our Trust Account (as defined below) and rights agent of our Public
 Rights (as defined below); 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB are
 to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

Founder Shares 
 are to the Class B Ordinary Shares initially purchased by our Sponsor prior to the Initial Public Offering and the Class A Ordinary
 Shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares at the time of our Business Combination or
 earlier at the option of the holders thereof, as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A Ordinary Shares will
 not be Public Shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Initial Public Offering 
 or IPO are to the initial public offering that we consummated on November 4, 2024; 

Initial Shareholders 
 are to holders of our Founder Shares prior to our Initial Public Offering; 

Investment Company
 Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO Promissory Note 
 are to that certain unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of up to 750,000 issued to our Sponsor on June 25, 2024; 

IPO Registration
 Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on July 12, 2024, as amended, and declared
 effective on October 31, 2024 (File No. 333-280777); 

JOBS Act 
 are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

Management 
 or our Management Team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Nasdaq are
 to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

ii 

Ordinary Shares 
 are to the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares, together; 

Private Placement 
 are to the private placement of Private Placement Units (as defined below) that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our Initial
 Public Offering; 

Private Placement
 Rights are to the rights sold as part of the Private Placement Units (as defined below) in our Private Placement; 

Private Placement
 Units are to the units issued to our Sponsor in the Private Placement, each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class
 A Ordinary Share and one Private Placement Right to receive one-tenth of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the
 Company s Business Combination; 

Private Placement
 Units Purchase Agreements are to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreements, dated October 31, 2024, which we entered
 into with the Sponsor; 

Public Shares 
 are to the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units (as defined below) in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were
 purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Public Shareholders 
 are to the holders of our Public Shares, including our Initial Shareholders and Management Team to the extent our Initial Shareholders
 and/or the members of our Management Team purchase Public Shares, provided that each Initial Shareholder s and member of our
 Management Team s status as a Public Shareholder will only exist with respect to such Public Shares; 

Public Rights 
 are to the rights sold as part of the Units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were subscribed for in our Initial Public
 Offering or purchased in the open market); 

Report are
 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024; 

Rights are
 to the Public Rights and Private Placement Rights; 

SEC are to
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act 
 are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are
 to special purpose acquisition companies; 

Sponsor are
 to Bleichroeder Sponsor 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Trust Account 
 are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 250,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial
 Public Offering and the Private Placement Units in the Private Placement was placed following the closing of the Initial Public Offering;

Units are
 to the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, which consist of one Public Share and one Public Right; 

Working Capital
 Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
 the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan us. 

iii 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Interim Financial Statements. 

BLEICHROEDER
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Assets 

Current assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note - related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholder s Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1)(2) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholder s Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

BLEICHROEDER
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the 
Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from June 24, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Formation and operational costs 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1)(2) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

BLEICHROEDER
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 24, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance June 24, 2024 (Inception) 

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor (1)(2) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

BLEICHROEDER
ACQUISITION CORP. I 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 24, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Payment of expenses through promissory note - related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note related party 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Prepaid services paid by Sponsor through the promissory note related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ).
The Company has not selected any specific Business Combination target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged
in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination
with the Company. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 24, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ),
which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived
from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 31, 2024. On November 4, 2024,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A
ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination Public Right ). Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units (each, a Private Placement
Unit at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Bleichroeder Sponsor 1 LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Class A ordinary
share and right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination Private Placement Right ). 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and 
of other offering costs. 

The
Company s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
 of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes
payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 4, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units, and a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the trust account
(the Trust Account ), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee.
The funds will be held in cash, including in demand deposit accounts at a bank, or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations
with a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended
to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might
be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds
investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based on the management team s ongoing assessment of all factors
related to the Company s potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments
held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account
at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its
taxes, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust
Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of
the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the
closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the Company s board of directors may approve (the
 Completion Window ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares properly
submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business
Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. 

The
Company will provide the Company s public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon
the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial
Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in
its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations. 

5 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Company s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion
of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
founder shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets
outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may
purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving
the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The
Company s Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of
intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as
of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply
to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked
the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company.
Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

6 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION
CORP. I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40 Going Concern, 
and through the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of the Company
until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Company cannot be assured
that its plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

7 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

ordinary
shares that are subject to forfeiture by the holders thereof depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment
option is exercised (see Note 5). At September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that
could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted
loss per ordinary share is the same as basic loss per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit has
a price of and consists of Class A ordinary share and Public Right entitling the holder thereof to receive one tenth
(1/10) of Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

Private Placement Units, at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of Class A
ordinary share and Private Placement Right. Inflection Point Fund I LP (which is not affiliated with any member of the Company s
management) Inflection Point ), indirectly purchased, through the purchase of non-managing sponsor membership interests,
all of the Private Placement Units at a price of per unit in the aggregate) in the private placement. Subject
to Inflection Point purchasing, through the Sponsor, the Private Placement Units allocated to it in connection with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor issued membership interests at a nominal purchase price to Inflection Point reflecting interests
in an aggregate of founder shares held by the Sponsor. In addition, it is expected that as a non-managing member of the Sponsor
group, Inflection Point can assist the Sponsor in administrative and ongoing efforts related to the completion of the Business Combination. 

The
Private Placement Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by
the Sponsor or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Units (including their component securities) (i) may not (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of these Private Placement Rights), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) are
entitled to registration rights. 

9 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
founder shares and private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets
outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may
purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving
the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the Company s
deferred offering costs and expenses, for which the Company issued founder shares to the Sponsor. On October 2, 2024, the Company
capitalized and issued an additional founder shares to the Sponsor, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 
founder shares (up to shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised), for a purchase price of approximately per share. On November 4, 2024, the underwriters forfeited their over-allotment
option to purchase up to an additional units. As a result of the over-allotment option forfeiture by the underwriters, 
Class B ordinary shares of the Company were surrendered by the Sponsor in order for the Sponsor to maintain ownership of of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company (excluding the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Units held by the Sponsor).
Such surrendered shares were cancelled by the Company. 

The
Company s initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of (i) after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the Company s initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day
period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction
after the initial Business Combination which results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for
cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

The
Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public
Offering. The loan was non-interest bearing and unsecured. The promissory note (the Promissory Note was payable on the
date the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowed under the Promissory
Note. On November 4, 2024, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance of the Promissory Note amounting to . Borrowings
under the Promissory Note are no longer available. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 
per unit at the option of the lender, including up to in working capital loans which may be made by Inflection Point. The units
would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

10 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On November 4, 2024, the underwriters forfeited the over-allotment option to purchase the additional 
units. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate. Of this amount, 
was paid to the underwriters upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and will be payable to the underwriters from
working capital in equal amounts monthly starting on the 16 th month following the closing of the Initial Public Offering until
the 24 th month following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Any amounts not paid hereunder from working capital shall
be accelerated and paid upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Additionally,
the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of per Unit, up to payable to the underwriters for
deferred underwriting commissions on amounts remaining in the Trust Account after all redemptions by public shareholders have been met.
The deferred underwriting discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
the Company completes its Initial Business Combination. 

preference shares at par value of each.
At September 30, 2024, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding 

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par
value of each. At September 30, 2024, there were no shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par
value of each. On June 25, 2024, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for , or approximately
 per share. On October 2, 2024, the Company capitalized and issued an additional founder shares to the Sponsor, resulting
in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of founder shares (up to shares of which were subject to forfeiture depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised). On November 4, 2024, the underwriters forfeited their
over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional units. As a result of the over-allotment option forfeiture by the underwriters,
 Class B ordinary shares of the Company were surrendered by the Sponsor in order for the Sponsor to maintain ownership of 
of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (excluding the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Units held
by the Sponsor). Such surrendered shares were cancelled by the Company. 

11 

BLEICHROEDER ACQUISITION CORP. I 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(UNAUDITED) 

of the
sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (including
any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and excluding the Class A ordinary
shares underlying the private placement units issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued
to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to the Company s officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus
(iii) any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination;
provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Holders
of record of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share
held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders
as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the company
is generally required to approve any matter voted on by the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes
cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general
meeting, and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending
the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following the Company s initial Business Combination,
the holders of more than of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote
on the appointment and removal of directors and (ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the
Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents,
in each case, as a result of approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the
Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least
 (or, where such amendment is proposed in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes
cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general
meeting of the Company. 

Rights
 Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a right will
automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Company will
not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole
share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. In the event the Company is not the surviving
company upon completion of the initial, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order
to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company will redeem the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless. 

Class B ordinary shares, at
which the Sponsor holds an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares. All share and per share information has been retrospectively
presented. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of . Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Private
Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

On
November 4, 2024, in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of per Unit or in the aggregate, of which was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
while the remaining balance of is payable to the underwriters in equal amounts monthly starting on the 16th month following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering until the 24th month following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company repaid all outstanding amounts under the Promissory Note. 

12 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Item
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of Management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our Management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our Management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our Management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited
condensed financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report under Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination.
We have not selected any Business Combination target. We may pursue an initial Business Combination in any business or industry, but
are focusing on businesses in the technology, media and telecommunications TMT sector as well as sectors that are being
transformed via technology adoption. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination
(pursuant to any forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target,
other securities issuances, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The
issuance of additional shares in connection with a Business Combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute
 the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
 in the Class B Ordinary Shares resulted in the issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
 upon conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares; 

may subordinate the rights
 of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A
 Ordinary Shares; 

could cause a change in
 control if a substantial number of our Class A Ordinary Shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
 to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and
 directors; 

may have the effect of
 delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control
 of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing
 market prices for our Class A Ordinary Shares and/or Rights. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure
 on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
 to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require
 the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of
 all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain
 necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the
 debt security is outstanding; 

using a substantial portion
 of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for expenses, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
 in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability
 to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
 to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy
 and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

13 

The
SEC has adopted new rules and regulations relating to SPACs, which became effective on July 1, 2024. The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among
other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC sponsors and related persons; (ii) additional disclosures relating to SPAC
Business Combination transactions (iii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors
and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and Business Combination transactions; (iv) additional disclosures regarding
projections included in SEC filings in connection with proposed Business Combination transactions and (v) the requirement that
both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants for Business Combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s
adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance
of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may
increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 24, 2024 (inception) through
September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 47,447, which consists of operating costs. 

For
the period from June 24, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, we had net loss 77,427, which consist of formation and operating
costs. 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, public health considerations, and geopolitical
instability, such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this time predict the likelihood of one or more
of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete
an initial Business Combination. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Until
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from the Sponsor, which were repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

Subsequent
to the quarterly period covered by this Report, on November 4, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units,
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated
the sale of 425,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4,250,000. 

Following
the Initial Public Offering, a total of 250,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 11,403,592, consisting of 2,000,000
of cash underwriting fee, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 653,592 of other offering costs. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole
or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain
of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for
such repayment. Up to 2,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement units of the post Business Combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, including up to 750,000 in working capital loans which may be made
by Inflection Point. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business
Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

14 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as
variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
underwriters had a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On November 4, 2024, the underwriters forfeited the over-allotment option to purchase the additional 3,750,000
units. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 0.08 per Unit, or 2,000,000 in the aggregate. Of this amount, 1,000,000
was paid to the underwriters upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and 1,000,000 will be payable to the underwriters from
working capital in equal amounts monthly starting on the 16th month following the closing of the Initial Public Offering until the 24th
month following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Any amounts not paid hereunder from working capital shall be accelerated
and paid upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in
formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

15 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our Management, there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, or any of our officers
or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. For additional
risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our IPO Registration Statement. Any
of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. We may disclose changes
to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

On
June 25, 2024, the Sponsor subscribed for 7,187,500 Founder Shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those
shares. On October 2, 2024, we capitalized 239.58 standing to the credit of our share premium account and issued an additional
2,395,833 Founder Shares to our Sponsor, resulting in our Sponsor holding an aggregate of 9,583,333 Founder Shares (up to 1,250,000 shares
of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised).
As a result of the underwriters election to not exercise their over-allotment option on November 4, 2024, the 1,250,000 Founder
Shares were forfeited. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 425,000 Private
Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in the Private Placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of
 4,250,000. 

Of
the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, an aggregate of 250,000,000 was placed in the
Trust Account. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The specific investments in our Trust Account may change from time to time. 

We
incurred a total of 11,403,592, consisting of 2,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 653,592
of other offering costs. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Report. There has been
no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as described in the IPO
Registration Statement. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

16 

Item
5. Other Information 

Trading
Arrangements 

During
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under
the Exchange Act) or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Additional
Information 

None. 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

BLEICHROEDER
 ACQUISITION CORP. I 

Date: December 9, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Gundlach 

Name: 
 Andrew Gundlach 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 9, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Folino 

Name: 
 Robert Folino 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022329701ex31-1_bleich1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew Gundlach, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 9, 2024 

/s/ Andrew Gundlach 

Andrew Gundlach 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022329701ex31-2_bleich1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert Folino, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 9, 2024 

/s/ Robert Folino 

Robert Folino 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022329701ex32-1_bleich1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Andrew Gundlach, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

/s/ Andrew Gundlach 

Andrew Gundlach 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022329701ex32-2_bleich1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Bleichroeder Acquisition Corp. I (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert Folino, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

/s/ Robert Folino 

Robert Folino 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bacqu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bacqu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bacqu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bacqu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bacqu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

