<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-Q_edgar_data_1108524_0001108524-24-000034.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9914967</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>285404</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1608621</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3876841</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2051617</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1881013</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001108524-24-000034.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241203210412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001108524-24-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Salesforce, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001108524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				943320693
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32224
		FILM NUMBER:		241524535

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SALESFORCE TOWER
		STREET 2:		415 MISSION STREET 3RD FL
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-901-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SALESFORCE TOWER
		STREET 2:		415 MISSION STREET 3RD FL
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALESFORCE.COM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALESFORCE COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001108524-24-000034.txt : 20241204

10-Q
 1
 crm-20241031.htm
 10-Q

crm-20241031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Telephone Number: ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of November 27, 2024, there were approximately million shares of the Registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

1 

Table of Contents 

INDEX 
 Page No. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 47 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 71 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 71 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 71 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 71 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 71 
 Signatures 
 73 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions) 
 October 31, 2024 January 31, 2024 Assets (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Noncurrent costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net Strategic investments Goodwill Intangible assets acquired through business combinations, net Deferred tax assets and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities, current 
 Unearned revenue 
 Debt, current Total current liabilities Noncurrent debt Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying Notes. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Subscription and support Professional services and other Total revenues Cost of revenues (1)(2): Subscription and support Professional services and other Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses (1)(2): Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring Total operating expenses Income from operations Losses on strategic investments, net ) ) ) ) Other income Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share Shares used in computing basic net income per share Shares used in computing diluted net income per share 
 (1) Sales and marketing 
 (2) Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring 

See accompanying Notes. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of reclassification adjustments: Foreign currency translation and other gains (losses) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities and privately held debt securities ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Tax effect ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Comprehensive income 

See accompanying Notes. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 31, 2024 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 ) 0 ) Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 ) ) Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at April 30, 2024 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 0 Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 ) ) Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at July 31, 2024 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 0 Cash dividends declared 0 0 0 0 0 0 ) ) Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) ) 
 Three and Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023 Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 31, 2023 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 0 Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at April 30, 2023 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 ) 0 ) Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at July 31, 2023 ) ) ) Common stock issued 0 0 0 0 0 Common stock repurchased 0 0 ) ) 0 0 0 ) Stock-based compensation expense 0 0 0 0 0 0 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 0 0 0 0 0 ) 0 ) Net income 0 0 0 0 0 0 Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (1) Amortization of costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net Stock-based compensation expense Losses on strategic investments, net Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business combinations: Accounts receivable, net Costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, net ) ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets ) ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) ) Unearned revenue ) ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Business combinations, net of cash acquired ) ) ) ) Purchases of strategic investments ) ) ) ) Sales of strategic investments Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) ) Sales of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) Financing activities: Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Proceeds from employee stock plans Principal payments on financing obligations ) ) ) ) Repayments of debt ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period (1) 
 See accompanying Notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure 
 (in millions) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow disclosure: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net of tax refunds 

See accompanying Notes. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. Over the past few years, the Company has completed a number of acquisitions which have allowed the Company to expand its offerings, presence and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. While the Company has offerings in multiple enterprise cloud computing market segments, including as a result of the Company's acquisitions, and operates in multiple countries, the Company s business operates in operating segment because most of the Company's service offerings operate on the Salesforce platform and are deployed in a nearly identical manner, and the Company s CODM evaluates the Company s financial information and resources, and assesses the performance of these resources, on a consolidated basis. 
 
 No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of accounts receivable as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located outside the Americas were percent and percent of total assets, respectively. As of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, assets located in the United States were percent and percent of total assets, respectively. 
 The Company is also exposed to concentrations of risk in its strategic investment portfolio, including within specific industries, as the Company primarily invests in enterprise cloud companies, technology st artups and system integrators. As of October 31, 2024, the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its total strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately percent of the portfolio in the aggregate. As of January 31, 2024 , the Company held two investments, both privately held, with carrying values that were individually greater than five percent of its strategic investments portfolio and represented approximately percent of the portfolio in the aggregate. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 11 

Table of Contents 

 , which is longer than the typical initial contract period, but reflects the estimated average period of benefit, including expected contract renewals. In arriving at this average period of benefit, the Company evaluates both qualitative and quantitative factors which included the estimated life cycles of its offerings and its customer attrition. Additionally, the Company amortizes capitalized costs for renewals and success fees paid to partners over . 
 The capitalized amounts are recoverable through future revenue streams under all noncancellable customer contracts. The Company periodically evaluates whether there have been any changes in its business, the market conditions in which it operates or other events which would indicate that its amortization period should be changed or if there are potential indicators of impairment. 
 There were impairments of costs to obtain revenue contracts for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The additional disclosures regarding the Company s fair value measurements are included in Note 4 Fair Value Measurement. 
 billion and billion, respectively. 
 Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. 
 to years 
 Computers, equipment and software to years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Leasehold improvements Shorter of the estimated lease term or years 
 
 The Company estimates the useful lives of property and equipment upon initial recognition and periodically evaluates the useful lives and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the useful lives. 
 When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts and any loss on such retirement is reflected in operating expenses. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

14 

Table of Contents 

. The estimated forfeiture rate applied is based on historical forfeiture rates. 
 The Company grants performance share awards to executive officers and other members of senior management, which may include a market condition, a performance condition, or both. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a market condition are measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and the expense related to these awards is recognized on a graded-vesting basis, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the vesting term. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a performance condition are measured based on the grant date closing stock price and the expense related to these awards is recognized based on the requisite service period elapsed, as well as the probability of achievement and estimated attainment of the performance condition as of the end of our reporting period. 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company s Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP or 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is measured based on grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on a straight-line basis over the offering period, which is months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a percent discount from the lower of the Company s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of the purchase period. The ESPP also allows employees to reduce their percentage election once during a purchase period (December 15 and June 15 of each fiscal year), but not to increase that election until the next one-year offering period. The ESPP includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date. 
 . 
 15 

Table of Contents 

16 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Service Platform and Other Marketing and Commerce Integration and Analytics (1) 
 (1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 
 Total Revenue by Geographic Locations 
 Revenues by geographical region consisted of the following (in millions): Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Americas Europe Asia Pacific 
 Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of the Company's contracting entity, which may be different than the region of the customer. Americas revenue attributed to the United States was approximately percent during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. No other country represented more than ten percent of total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract Assets 
 The Company records a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Contract assets were million as of October 31, 2024 as compared to million as of January 31, 2024, and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deferred tax assets and other assets, net on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unearned Revenue 
 Unearned revenue represents amounts that have been invoiced in advance of revenue recognition and is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The unearned revenue balance does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year, noncancellable subscription agreements. The unearned revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size and new business linearity within the quarter. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Billings and other (1) Contribution from contract asset Revenue recognized over time ) ) ) ) Revenue recognized at a point in time ) ) ) ) Unearned revenue from business combinations Unearned revenue, end of period 
 (1) Other includes, for example, the impact of foreign currency translation. 
 The majority of revenue recognized for these services is from the beginning of period unearned revenue balance. 
 Revenue recognized over time primarily includes Cloud Services subscription and support revenue, which is generally recognized ratably over time, and professional services and other revenue, which is generally recognized ratably or as delivered. 
 Revenue recognized at a point in time substantially consists of term software licenses. 
 Remaining Performance Obligation 
 Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is based on SSP. Remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of term license deliveries, average contract terms and foreign currency exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. Remaining performance obligation is subject to future economic risks, including bankruptcies, regulatory changes and other market factors. 
 The Company excludes amounts related to performance obligations from professional services contracts that are billed and recognized on a time and materials basis. 
 The majority of the Company's noncurrent remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized in the next to months. 
 As of January 31, 2024 
 
 3. 
 ) U.S. treasury securities ) Mortgage-backed obligations ) Asset-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Commercial paper Covered bonds ) Other Total marketable securities ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. treasury securities ) Mortgage-backed obligations ) Asset-backed securities ) Municipal securities ) Commercial paper Covered bonds ) Other ) Total marketable securities ) 
 Due in 1 year through 5 years Due in 5 years through 10 years 
 Strategic Investments 
 Debt securities and other investments Balance as of October 31, 2024 
 
 Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions): Measurement Category Fair Value Measurement Alternative Other Total Equity securities Debt securities and other investments Balance as of January 31, 2024 
 
 The Company holds investments in, or management agreements with, variable interest entities VIEs which the Company does not consolidate because it is not considered the primary beneficiary of these entities. The carrying value of VIEs within strategic investments was million and million, as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Unrealized gains recognized on privately held equity securities, net Impairments on privately held equity and debt securities ) ) ) ) Unrealized losses, net ) ) ) ) Realized gains (losses) on sales of securities, net ) Losses on strategic investments, net ) ) ) ) 
 Unrealized gains and losses recognized on privately held equity securities, net includes upward and downward adjustments from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, as well as gains and losses from private equity securities in other measurement categories. For privately held securities accounted for under the measurement alternative, the Company recorded upward adjustments of million and million and impairments and downward adjustments of million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and upward adjustments of million and million and impairments and downward adjustments of million and million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 , and 2023 , respectively. 

4. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Money market mutual funds Cash equivalent securities Marketable securities: Corporate notes and obligations U.S. treasury securities Mortgage-backed obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Commercial paper Covered bonds Other Strategic investments: Equity securities Total assets 
 (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to billion of cash, as of October 31, 2024. 
 The following table presents information about the Company s assets that were measured at fair value as of January 31, 2024 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation (in millions): Description Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value Cash equivalents (1): Time deposits Money market mutual funds Cash equivalent securities Marketable securities: Corporate notes and obligations U.S. treasury securities Mortgage-backed obligations Asset-backed securities Municipal securities Commercial paper Covered bonds Other Strategic investments: Equity securities Total assets 
 (1) Included in cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets in addition to billion of cash, as of January 31, 2024. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 billion as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024. 
 
 5. 
 million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and were million and million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included in operating lease costs are amounts related to restructuring charges, which are discussed in Note 9 Restructuring. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Total 
 Other Balance Sheet Accounts 
 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities as of October 31, 2024 included approximately billion of accrued compensation as compared to billion as of January 31, 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 million, which consisted primarily of million in cash. The Company recorded million of goodwill which is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill associated with the acquisition of Spiff has no basis and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company also recorded approximately million of intangible assets for developed technology and customer relationships with useful lives of nine and , respectively. The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management s estimates and assumptions and may be subject to change as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. The Company expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date. The Company has included the financial results of Spiff, which were not material, in its condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition were also not material. 
 
 7. 
 ) ) ) Customer relationships ) ) ) Other (1) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from business combinations for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was billion, and billion, respectively. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net assets acquired. 
 Acquisition of Spiff Other acquisitions and adjustments (1) Balance as of October 31, 2024 
 . 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 2028 Senior Notes April 2018 April 2028 2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2021 July 2028 2031 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2031 2041 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2041 2051 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2051 2061 Senior Notes July 2021 July 2061 Total carrying value of debt Less current portion of debt ) Total noncurrent debt (1) The Company repaid in full the 2024 Senior Notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 The total estimated fair value of the Company's outstanding senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes above was billion and billion as of October 31, 2024 and January 31, 2024 , respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per of the Senior Notes as of the last day of trading of the third quarter of fiscal 2025 and the last day of trading of fiscal 2024, respectively, and are deemed Level 2 liabilities within the fair value measurement framework. 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter Total principal outstanding 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In October 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement ). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the Prior Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 billion unsecured revolving credit facility Credit Facility and matures in October 2029. The Company may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 9. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Charges Payments ) ) ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) ) ) ) Liability, end of the period 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2023 Workforce Reduction Office Space Reductions Total Workforce Reduction Office Space Reductions Total Liability, beginning of the period Charges Payments ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) ) Liability, end of the period 

10. 
 Exercised ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 Vested or expected to vest Exercisable as of October 31, 2024 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Granted - restricted stock units and awards Granted - performance-based stock units Canceled ) Vested and converted to shares ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 Expected to vest 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only outstanding stock awards as of October 31, 2024 and assumes no forfeiture activity and no changes in the expected level of attainment of performance share grants based on the Company s financial performance relative to certain targets. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to billion of the Company s common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method. 
 Three months ended July 31 Three months ended October 31 
 All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of October 31, 2024, the Company was authorized to purchase a remaining billion of its common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 
 
 11. 
 million on pretax income of billion, which resulted in an effective tax rate of percent. The Company s effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to research and development credits, the foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2023, the Company reported a tax provision of million on pretax income of billion, which resulted in an effective tax rate of percent. The Company s effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 percent primarily due to discrete benefits from research and development credits, foreign tax credits attributable to the IRS Notice 2023-55, and certain adjustments resulted from a transfer pricing agreement in a foreign tax jurisdiction, partially offset by profitable jurisdictions outside of the United States subject to tax rates greater than 21 percent and withholding taxes. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Other Considerations 
 The Company records liabilities related to its uncertain tax positions. Tax positions for the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Certain prior year tax returns are currently being examined by various taxing authorities in countries including the United States, Germany, France, Israel, and India. The Company believes that it has provided adequate reserves for its income tax uncertainties in all open tax years. As the outcome of the tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, if any issues arising in the Company s tax audits progress in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations, the Company could adjust its provision for income taxes in the future. In addition, the Company anticipates it is reasonably possible that an insignificant decrease of its unrecognized tax benefits may occur in the next 12 months, as the applicable statutes of limitations lapse, ongoing examinations are completed, or tax positions meet the conditions of being effectively settled. 
 
 12. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding for basic net income per share Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock awards Weighted-average shares outstanding for diluted net income per share 
 The weighted-average number of shares outstanding used in the computation of diluted net income per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding common stock. 
 
 13. 
 purported class action lawsuits were filed against Slack, its directors, certain of its officers and certain investment funds associated with certain of its directors, each alleging violations of securities laws in connection with Slack s registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement filed with the SEC. All but one of these actions were filed in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Mateo, though one plaintiff originally filed in the County of San Francisco before refiling in the County of San Mateo (and the original San Francisco action was dismissed). The remaining action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the Federal Action ). In the Federal Action, captioned Dennee v. Slack Technologies, Inc., Case No. 3:19-CV-05857-SI, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in January 2020. In April 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss. In May 2020, Slack and the other defendants filed a motion to certify the court s order for interlocutory appeal, which the court granted. Slack and the other defendants filed a petition for permission to appeal the district court s order to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. Oral argument was heard in May 2021. On September 20, 2021, the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 In November 2024, the Company acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. Own ), a leading provider of data protection and data management solutions. Prior to the acquisition, the Company owned approximately percent of the outstanding stock of Own. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Own was approximately billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, which may consist of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial performance, anticipated growth, and industry prospects, are forward-looking. Words such as aims, anticipates, assumes, believes, commitments, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, foresees, goals, intends, may, plans, predicts, projects, seeks, should, targets and would, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and based on management s current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including those described in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part I, Item 3, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 In light of these and other risks and uncertainties, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur as we expect or at all, and our actual results or outcomes may differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
 
 Overview 
 Salesforce is a global leader in customer relationship management CRM technology that brings humans together with artificial intelligence AI agents to drive customer success on one integrated platform. Founded in 1999, we enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. 
 Our platform unites sales, service, marketing, commerce and IT teams by connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to create a complete view of customers. With this single source of customer truth and integrated artificial intelligence AI ), teams can be more responsive, productive and efficient, deliver intelligent, personalized experiences across every channel and increase productivity. During the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we introduced Agentforce, a new layer of our trusted platform that enables companies to build and deploy AI agents that can respond to inputs, make decisions and take action autonomously across business functions. Agentforce includes a suite of customizable agents for use across sales, service, marketing and commerce. We continue to invest for growth, including investing in generative and agentic AI across all products, which we believe will change how our customers help their customers, and continuously look to expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. 
 We continue to focus on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers and expanding our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth levers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. As a result, we have seen that customers with many of these characteristics drive higher annual revenues and have lower attrition rates than our company average. 
 In addition to our focus on top line growth levers, we are also focused on reducing our operating expenses to improve our operating margin. For example, in January 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the Restructuring Plan intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth which included a reduction of our workforce by approximately ten percent and office space reductions within certain markets. The employee actions associated with the Restructuring Plan were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the real estate actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. In addition to the Restructuring Plan, we continued to evaluate and operationalize future programs to drive further operational efficiencies, optimize our management structure and increase cost optimization efforts to realize long-term sustainable growth, including targeted workforce and office space reductions that were initiated in the first half of fiscal 2025 and are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025. We have started to see improvements in our operating expenses across all operating categories, with the most opportunity in sales a nd marketing expense and general and administrative expenses. Over the long term, we expect to see additional operating expense improvements, which could include various restructuring initiatives or measured hiring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies. 
 Highlights from the First Nine Months of Fiscal 2025 
 Revenue: For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, revenue was 27.9 billion , an increase of 9 percent year-over-year. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Income from Operations: For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, income from operations was 5.4 billion as compared to 3.4 billion from a year ago. Operating margin, which represents income from operations as a percentage of total revenue, increased to approximately 19 percent for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 compared to approximately 13 percent for the same period in the prior year. 
 Net Income per Share: For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 , diluted net income per share was 4.60 as compared to diluted net income per share of 2.73 from a year ago. 
 Cash: Cash provided by operations for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was 9.1 billion, an increase of 34 percent y ear-over-year. Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of October 31, 2024 was 12.8 billion. 
 Remaining Performance Obligation: Total remaining performance obligation, which represents all future revenue under contract yet to be recognized, as of October 31, 2024 was approximately 53.1 billion, an increase of 10 percent year-over-year . Current remaining performance obligation as of October 31, 2024 was approximately 26.4 billion , an increase of 10 percent year-over-year. 
 Share Repurchase Program: During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased approximately 30 million shares of our common stock for approximately 7.7 billion. 
 Dividend Program : During the nine months ended October 31, 2024, we paid approximately 1.2 billion in dividends. 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we continued seeing increasing momentum for Agentforce and other AI service offerings. Outside of the demand for AI, the buying environment trends seen over the past two fiscal years have stabilized. A reemergence of slower growth in new and renewal business could impact our remaining performance obligation, revenues and our ability to meet financial guidance and long-term targets. 
 In addition, the expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. Total revenues in the nine months ended October 31, 2024 were minimally impacted by foreign currency fluctuations compared to the nine months ended October 31, 2023. Our current remaining performance obligatio n as of October 31, 2024 was minimally impacted by foreign currency fluctuations compared to our remaining performance obligation as of October 31, 2023. The impact of foreign currency fluctuations could impact our near-term results and ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. The impact of these fluctuations can also be compounded by the seasonality of our business in which our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. 
 Fiscal Year 
 Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025. 
 Operating Segments 
 We operate as one segment. See Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Sources of Revenues 
 We derive our revenues from two sources: (1) subscription and support revenues and (2) professional services and other revenues. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for the nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 Subscription and support revenues include subscription fees from customers accessing our enterprise cloud computing services (collectively, Cloud Services ), software license revenues from the sales of term software licenses, and support revenues from the sale of support and updates beyond the basic subscription fees or related to the sales of software licenses. Our Cloud Services allow customers to use our multi-tenant software without taking possession of the software. Revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with term software licenses that provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available. Revenues from term software licenses are generally recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Revenue from support and updates is recognized as such support and updates are provided, which is generally ratably over the contract term. Changes in contract duration for multi-year term software licenses can impact the amount of revenues recognized upfront. Revenues from term software licenses represent less than ten percent of total subscription and support revenue for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024. 
 The revenue growth rates of each of our service offerings, as described below in Results of Operations, fluctuate from quarter to quarter and over time. Additionally, we manage the total balanced product portfolio to deliver solutions to our 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 customers and, as a result, the revenue result for each offering is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter. In addition, some of our Cloud Service offerings have similar features and functions. For example, customers may use our Sales, Service or Platform service offerings to record account and contact information, which are similar features across these service offerings. Depending on a customer s actual and projected business requirements, more than one service offering may satisfy the customer s current and future needs. We record revenue based on the individual products ordered by a customer, not according to the customer s business requirements and usage. 
 
 Our growth in revenues is also impacted by attrition. Attrition represents the reduction or loss of the annualized value of our contracts with customers. We calculate our attrition rate at a point in time on a trailing twelve-month basis as of the end of each month. As of October 31, 2024, our attrition rate, excluding Slack self service, was approximately eight percent. 
 We continue to maintain a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. 
 
 Seasonal Nature of Unearned Revenue, Accounts Receivable and Operating Cash Flow 
 Unearned revenue primarily consists of billings to customers for our subscription service. Over 90 percent of the value of our billings to customers is for our subscription and support service. We generally invoice our customers in advance, in annual installments, and typical payment terms provide that our customers pay us within 30 days of invoice. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in unearned revenue or in revenue depending on whether transfer of control to customers has occurred. In general, we collect our billings in advance of the subscription service period. We typically issue renewal invoices in advance of the renewal service period, and depending on timing, the initial invoice for the subscription and services contract and the subsequent renewal invoice may occur in different quarters. There is a disproportionate weighting toward annual billings in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of large enterprise account buying patterns. Our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-on-year compounding effect of this seasonality in both billing patterns and overall new and renewal business causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter for both new business and renewals to increase as a proportion of our total annual billings. Accordingly, because of this billing activity, our first quarter is typically our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. Generally, our third quarter has historically been our smallest operating cash flow quarter . Unearned revenues, accounts receivable and operating cash flow may also be impacted by acquisitions. For example, operating cash flows may be adversely impacted by acquisitions due to transaction costs, financing costs such as interest expense and lower operating cash flows from the acquired entity. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligation 
 Our remaining performance obligation represents all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue and includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts. Our current remaining performance obligation represents future revenue under contract that is expected to be recognized as revenue in the next 12 months. 
 Remaining performance obligation is not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth and is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, average contract terms, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in new business growth. Remaining performance obligation is also impacted by acquisitions. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligation denominated in foreign currencies are revalued each period based on the period end exchange rates. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually, the associated unbilled balance and corresponding remaining performance obligation are typically high at the beginning of the contract period, zero just prior to renewal, and increase if the agreement is renewed. Low remaining performance obligation attributable to a particular subscription agreement is often associated with an impending renewal but may not be an indicator of the likelihood of renewal or future revenue from such customer. Changes in contract duration or the timing of delivery of professional services can impact remaining performance obligation as well as the allocation between current and non-current remaining performance obligation. 
 
 Cost of Revenues and Operating Expenses 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of subscription and support revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, including the costs of data center capacity, certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services and data, allocated overhead and our employee-related costs, which includes salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Our cost of subscription and support revenues also includes amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company s research and development efforts. Also included in the cost of subscription and support revenues are expenses incurred supporting the free user base of Slack, including third-party hosting costs and employee-related costs specific to customer experience and technical operations. 
 Cost of professional services and other revenues consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with these services, the cost of subcontractors, certain third-party fees and allocated overhead. We believe that our professional services 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 organization facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts and supports our customers success. The cost of professional services may exceed revenues from professional services in future fiscal periods. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for our engineering staff associated with product development, as well as allocated overhead. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses make up the majority of our operating expenses and consist primarily of employee-related costs and commissions for our sales and marketing staff, as well as payments to partners, marketing programs and allocated overhead. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand building and product marketing activities. We capitalize certain costs to obtain customer contracts, such as commissions, and amortize these costs on a straight-line basis. As such, the timing of expense recognition for these commissions is not consistent with the timing of the associated cash payment. 
 Our sales and marketing expenses include amortization of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, such as the amortization of the cost associated with an acquired company s trade names, customer lists and customer relationships. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related costs for finance and accounting, legal, internal audit, human resources and management information systems personnel, as well as professional services fees and allocated overhead. 
 We allocate overhead such as information technology infrastructure, rent, occupancy charges and certain employee benefits based on headcount. As such, these types of expenses are reflected in each cost of revenue and operating expense category. 
 Restructuring 
 Restructuring consists of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits and stock-based compensation as well as exit charges associated with office space reductions. The employee actions associated with the Restructuring Plan were substantially completed in fiscal 2024 and the targeted workforce and office space reductions initiated in the first nine months of fiscal 2025 are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025. The real estate actions associated with the Restructuring Plan are expected to be fully complete in fiscal 2026. Restructuring excludes allocated overhead. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to our condensed consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies and estimates we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations: 
 the standalone selling price SSP of performance obligations for revenue contracts with multiple performance obligations; 
 the valuation of privately held strategic investments; 
 the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for business combinations; 
 the recognition, measurement and valuation of current and deferred income taxes and uncertain tax positions; 
 the useful lives of intangible assets; and 
 the fair value of certain stock awards issued. 
 These estimates may change, as new events occur and additional information is obtained, and such changes will be recognized in the condensed consolidated financial statements as soon as they become known. Actual results could differ from these estimates and any such differences may be material to our financial statements. 
 Additionally, refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 for further discussion with respect to these policies and estimates. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies to the condensed consolidated financial statements for our discussion about new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth selected data for each of the periods indicated (in millions): 3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues Revenues: Subscription and support 8,879 94 8,141 93 26,228 94 23,789 93 Professional services and other 565 6 579 7 1,674 6 1,781 7 Total revenues 9,444 100 8,720 100 27,902 100 25,570 100 Cost of revenues (1)(2): Subscription and support 1,501 16 1,571 18 4,617 17 4,596 18 Professional services and other 604 6 584 7 1,809 6 1,797 7 Total cost of revenues 2,105 22 2,155 25 6,426 23 6,393 25 Gross profit 7,339 78 6,565 75 21,476 77 19,177 75 Operating expenses (1)(2): Research and development 1,356 14 1,204 14 4,073 15 3,631 14 Sales and marketing 3,323 35 3,173 36 9,786 35 9,440 37 General and administrative 711 8 632 7 2,069 7 1,902 8 Restructuring 56 1 55 1 163 1 815 3 Total operating expenses 5,446 58 5,064 58 16,091 58 15,788 62 Income from operations 1,893 20 1,501 17 5,385 19 3,389 13 Losses on strategic investments, net (217) (3) (72) (1) (217) 0 (242) (1) Other income 70 1 58 1 282 1 158 1 Income before provision for income taxes 1,746 18 1,487 17 5,450 20 3,305 13 Provision for income taxes (219) (2) (263) (3) (961) (4) (615) (2) Net income 1,527 16 1,224 14 4,489 16 2,690 11 
 (1) Amounts related to amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, as follows (in millions): Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues Cost of revenues 131 2 245 3 600 2 743 3 Sales and marketing 223 2 223 2 669 3 668 3 
 (2) Amounts related to stock-based compensation expense, as follows (in millions): Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues 2024 of Total Revenues 2023 of Total Revenues Cost of revenues 135 2 109 1 386 2 324 1 Research and development 278 3 238 3 814 3 735 3 Sales and marketing 312 3 275 3 911 3 815 3 General and administrative 95 1 71 1 267 1 223 1 Restructuring 0 0 0 0 2 0 16 0 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth selected balance sheet data and other metrics for each of the periods indicated (in millions, except remaining performance obligation, which is presented in billions): As of October 31, 2024 
 January 31, 2024 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 12,757 14,194 Unearned revenue 13,472 19,003 Remaining performance obligation 53.1 56.9 Principal due on our outstanding debt obligations (1) 8,500 9,500 (1) Amounts do not include operating or financing lease obligations. 
 Remaining performance obligation represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Percent Subscription and support 8,879 8,141 738 9 Professional services and other 565 579 (14) (2) Total revenues 9,444 8,720 724 8 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Percent Subscription and support 26,228 23,789 2,439 10 Professional services and other 1,674 1,781 (107) (6) Total revenues 27,902 25,570 2,332 9 
 The increase in s ubscription and support revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily caused by volume-driven increases from new business, which includes new customers, upgrades, and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Pricing was not a significant driver of the increase in revenues for either period. Revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at a point in time, represented approximately five percent and six percent of total subscription and support revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, and six percent for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. Subscription and support revenues accounted for approximately 94 percent of our total revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 93 percent for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. 
 The decrease in professional services and other revenues for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was due primarily to less demand for larger, multi-year transformation engagements and, in some cases, delayed projects. These trends may continue in the near term. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Subscription and Support Revenues by Service Offering 
 Subscription and support revenues consisted of the following (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 
 2024 As a of Total Subscription and Support Revenues 2023 As a of Total Subscription and Support Revenues Growth Rate Sales 2,119 24 1,906 23 11 Service 2,288 26 2,074 26 10 Platform and Other 1,825 20 1,686 21 8 Marketing and Commerce 1,334 15 1,230 15 8 Integration and Analytics (1) 1,313 15 1,245 15 5 Total 8,879 100 8,141 100 9 (1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 As a of Total Subscription and Support Revenues 2023 As a of Total Subscription and Support Revenues Growth Rate Sales 6,188 24 5,611 24 10 Service 6,727 26 6,087 26 11 Platform and Other 5,329 20 4,891 20 9 Marketing and Commerce 3,924 15 3,638 15 8 Integration and Analytics (1) 4,060 15 3,562 15 14 Total 26,228 100 23,789 100 10 (1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Company renamed the service offering previously referred to as Data to Integration and Analytics, which includes Mulesoft and Tableau. 
 Our industry vertical service offerings revenue is included in one of the above service offerings depending on the primary service purchased. 
 Integration and Analytics subscription and support revenues include revenues from term software licenses, which are recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Therefore, we expect Integration and Analytics to experience greater volatility in revenues period to period compared to our other service offerings and recent revenue trends may not be indicative of future performance. Additionally, as we transition customers within the Integration and Analytics offering from term software licenses to subscription based services, revenue associated with such customers will generally be recognized ratably over the contract term, which we expect may potentially result in less revenue in the period the customer transitions but incremental revenues over the remaining term. 
 
 Revenues by Geography 
 Three Months Ended October 31, (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Growth Rate Americas 6,220 66 5,862 67 6 Europe 2,228 24 1,998 23 12 Asia Pacific 996 10 860 10 16 9,444 100 8,720 100 8 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended October 31, (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Growth Rate Americas 18,483 66 17,113 67 8 Europe 6,557 24 5,923 23 11 Asia Pacific 2,862 10 2,534 10 13 27,902 100 25,570 100 9 
 Revenues by geography are determined based on the region of our contracting entity, which may be different than the 
 region of the customer. Revenue growth in the Americas was driven by investment of additional sales resources from previous periods. Revenue growth in Europe and Asia Pacific was primarily driven by our focus on marketing our services internationally and increased productivity, as well as investment in additional resources. Total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was minimally impacted by foreign currency fluctuations compa red to the three and nine months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Dollars Subscription and support 1,501 16 1,571 18 (70) Professional services and other 604 6 584 7 20 Total cost of revenues 2,105 22 2,155 25 (50) 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Dollars Subscription and support 4,617 17 4,596 18 21 Professional services and other 1,809 6 1,797 7 12 Total cost of revenues 6,426 23 6,393 25 33 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the decrease in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to a decrease in service delivery expenses and a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations, partially offset by an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in cost of revenues in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions, partially offset by a decrease in service delivery expenses and reduced amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations . Cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 decreased by three and two percent, respectively, from the same periods a year ago primarily as a result of reduced service delivery expenses and a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired through business combinations. 
 We intend to continue to invest additional resources in enterprise cloud computing services to allow us to scale with our customers and continue to evolve our security measures. The timing of these expenses may cause our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to fluctuate over time due to changes in demand for our service offerings. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Dollars Research and development 1,356 14 1,204 14 152 Sales and marketing 3,323 35 3,173 36 150 General and administrative 711 8 632 7 79 Restructuring 56 1 55 1 1 Total operating expenses 5,446 58 5,064 58 382 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 As a of Total Revenues 2023 As a of Total Revenues Dollars Research and development 4,073 15 3,631 14 442 Sales and marketing 9,786 35 9,440 37 346 General and administrative 2,069 7 1,902 8 167 Restructuring 163 1 815 3 (652) Total operating expenses 16,091 58 15,788 62 303 
 For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in research and development expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions. Research and development expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three months ended October 31, 2024 was consistent with the same period a year ago. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, the one percent increase as a percentage of total revenues compared to the same period a year ago was primarily due to increased employee-related costs, primarily in lower cost regions. 
 We expect that research and development expenses will likely remain consistent as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to invest in the development of new, and improve existing, technologies, including our AI and Data Cloud service offerings, and support the integration of acquired technologies, at a pace consistent with our anticipated revenue growth. 
 For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in sales and marketing expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 decreased by one and two percent, respectively, from the same periods a year ago due to a decrease in relative employee-related costs and a decrease in absolute advertising expenses. 
 We expect that sales and marketing expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to focus on leveraging our self-serve and partner-led channels and increasing our sales productivity, which includes the use of AI and agents. 
 For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in general and administrative expenses in absolute dollars was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs and professional services expenses. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues during the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 were materially consistent compared to the same periods a year ago. 
 We expect that general and administrative expenses may decrease as a percentage of revenues over time as we continue to invest in process efficiency initiatives. 
 In the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024, approximately 56 million and 163 million, respectively, of costs were incurred related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related to employee transition, severance payments and employee benefits. 
 
 Other Income and Expense Three Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Losses on strategic investments, net (217) (72) (145) Other income 70 58 12 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Losses on strategic investments, net (217) (242) 25 Other income 282 158 124 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Losses on strategic investments, net consists primarily of mark-to-market adjustments related to our publicly held equity securities, observable price adjustments related to our privately held equity securities, impairments and other adjustments. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by challenging market conditions for companies in which we hold private equity or debt investments as well as high public equity market volatility. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, our strategic investment portfolio losses were primarily driven by impairments on privately held equity investments o f 242 million . For the nine months ended October 31, 2024, our strategic investment portfolio losses were primarily driven by impairments on privately held equity investments of 432 million, partially offset by unrealized gains on privately held equity securities of 167 million and realized gains on sales of securities of 59 million. 
 Other income primarily consists of investment income, partially offset by interest expense on our debt and finance leases. Interest expense was 67 million and 70 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 204 million and 213 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Provision For Income Taxes 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Provision for income taxes (219) (263) 44 Effective tax rate 13 18 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, Variance (in millions) 2024 2023 Dollars Provision for income taxes (961) (615) (346) Effective tax rate 18 19 
 We recorded a tax provision of 219 million and 263 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a tax provision of 961 million and 615 million for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-to-date tax provision increased from the same period a year ago due to higher pretax income partially offset by a tax benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. Our quarter-to-date tax provision was lower compared to the same period a year ago due to the tax benefit from the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. Our effective tax rate may fluctuate due to changes in our domestic and foreign earnings, or material discrete tax items, or a combination of these factors resulting from transactions or events, including, for example, acquisitions, changes to our operating structure, and other macroeconomic factors. 
 Several countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s 
 15 global minimum tax regime effective January 1, 2024. We expect other countries to follow. We do not anticipate material 
 changes to our income tax provision for fiscal 2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of legislation in the jurisdictions in 
 which we operate. Our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At October 31, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 12.8 billion and accounts receivable of 4.7 billion. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised primarily of corporate notes and obligations, U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, asset-backed securities, foreign government obligations, mortgage-backed obligations, covered bonds, time deposits, money market mutual funds and municipal securities. Our Revolving Loan Credit Agreement (as defined below), which provides the ability to borrow up to 5.0 billion in unsecured financing (the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024, also serves as a source of liquidity. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities could continue to be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks detailed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to contracted noncancellable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the balance sheet, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months and thereafter. 
 In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. To facilitate these acquisitions or investments, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, impacting our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions or investments. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 For the three and nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our cash flows were as follows (in millions): 3 Three Months Ended October 31, Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,983 1,532 9,122 6,831 Net cash used in investing activities (217) (54) (227) (859) Net cash used in financing activities (1,446) (1,765) (9,356) (6,531) 
 Operating Activities 
 The net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily comprised of net income of 4.5 billion, adjusted for non-cash items, including 2.6 billion of depreciation and amortization and 2.4 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was further benefited by the changes in accounts receivable, net of 6.7 billion partially offset by the change in unearned revenue of 5.6 billion and the change in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of 503 million . As our business continues to grow, and assuming our expenses remain in line with or less than our revenue growth, we expect to continue to see growth in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 The net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2023 was primarily comprised of net income of 2.7 billion, adjusted for non-cash items including 3.0 billion of depreciation and amortization and 2.1 billion of stock-based compensation expense. Net cash provided by operating activities can be significantly impacted by factors such as growth in new business, timing of cash receipts from customers, vendor payment terms and timing of payments to vendors. Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2023 was further benefited by the change in accounts receivable, net of 5.9 billion due to cash collections and was partially offset by the change in unearned revenue of 4.8 billion and the change in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities of 1.6 billion. 
 Investing Activities 
 The net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily related to net outflows for acquisitions of 517 million, net outflows from strategic investment activity of 256 million and capital expenditures of 504 million, partially offset by net inflows from marketable securities activity of 1.1 billion. 
 The net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2023 was primarily related to capital expenditures of 589 million and net outflows from strategic investment activity of 288 million, partially offset by net inflows related to marketable securities activity of 100 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 The net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily related to 7.8 billion used for repurchases of common stock, 1.0 billion related to repayments of debt and 1.2 billion related to payments of dividends, partially offset by 1.1 billion from proceeds from equity plans. 
 The net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended October 31, 2023 was primarily related to 5.9 billion used for repurchases of common stock and 1.2 billion related to repayments of debt, partially offset by 1.1 billion from proceeds from equity plans. 
 Debt 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had senior unsecured debt outstanding, with maturities starting in April 2028 and extending through July 2061 with a total carrying value of 8.4 billion. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 In October 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement with the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement ). The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement replaced the Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2020 (as amended, the Prior Credit Agreement ), among us, the lenders and the issuing lenders party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which provided for a 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to mature on December 23, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The Revolving Loan Credit Agreement provides for a 5.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility Credit Facility and matures in October 2029. We may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024. 
 We do not have any special purpose entities and we do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In August 2022, the Board authorized a program to repurchase up to 10.0 billion of our common stock (the Share Repurchase Program ). The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. In February 2023, the Board authorized an additional 10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board authorized an additional 10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of 30.0 billion. 
 We repurchased the following under the Share Repurchase Program (in millions, except average price per share): 2024 2023 Shares Average price per share Amount Shares Average price per share Amount Three months ended April 30 7 293.00 2,168 11 188.17 2,143 Three months ended July 31 18 246.14 4,288 9 211.83 1,913 Three months ended October 31 5 257.00 1,228 9 209.33 1,924 
 All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of October 31, 2024, we were authorized to purchase a remaining 10.6 billion of the Company s common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. Subsequent to October 31, 2024, we have incurred approximately 31 million through November 27, 2024 for additional shares under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act introduced a new one percent excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is assessed on an annual fiscal year basis and generally paid in the subsequent fiscal year. We expect to pay an insignificant excise tax in fiscal 2025. The excise tax applies to our fiscal 2025 stock repurchases. We currently anticipate that it will decrease next year s financing cash flows, however, the amount could be impacted by factors including the Company s share price. 
 Dividends 
 We announced the following dividends (in millions, except dividend per share): 
 Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share Amount March 14, 2024 April 11, 2024 0.40 388 July 9, 2024 July 25, 2024 0.40 388 September 18, 2024 October 8, 2024 0.40 385 
 The declaration and payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders, after giving consideration to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, and applicable laws and agreements. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under leases for office space, co-location data center facilities and our development and test data center, as well as leases for computer equipment, software, furniture and fixtures. As of October 31, 2024, the future noncancellable minimum payments under these commitments were approximately 4.2 billion, with payments of 258 million due in the next three months and 3.9 billion due thereafter. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 During the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and in future years, we have made, and expect to continue to make, additional investments in our infrastructure to scale our operations to increase productivity and enhance our security measures. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure and with infrastructure service providers to provide capacity for the growth of our business, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments and we may slow the pace of our investments. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Other Future Obligations 
 In November 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of Zoomin Software Ltd. Zoomin ), a data management company. Prior to the acquisition, we owned less than ten percent of the outstanding stock of Zoomin. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Zoomin was approximately 344 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 In November 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of Own Data Company Ltd. Own ), a leading provider of data protection and data management solutions. Prior to the acquisition, we owned approximately ten percent of the outstanding stock of Own. The total consideration for the remaining shares of Own was approximately 1.9 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. 
 As of October 31, 2024, we expect approximately 100 million to 150 million in future cash payments related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily related to workforce costs such as severance payments. We generally expect to satisfy these commitments with cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities. Additionally, as we have utilized the majority of our net operating loss and tax credits carryforward, we expect an increase in cash taxes. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 We believe that business is the greatest platform for change. By focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG excellence, Salesforce strives to be a leading example of an ethical, resilient company delivering value to stakeholders now and in the future. We aim to maintain our public commitments with the highest standards of integrity and transparency and enable compliance with global ESG regulations. 
 Guided by our values, we work to earn the trust of our stakeholders. Transparency is key to trust, which is why we have published an annual ESG report for over ten years to keep our stakeholders informed and to hold ourselves accountable to our ESG strategy, as well as our key programs, goals, commitments and metrics. Our ESG disclosures are also informed by relevant topics identified through ESG relevancy assessments and third-party ESG reporting organizations, frameworks and standards, such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB Standards. Read more about these initiatives and view our Stakeholder Impact Report at https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 While we believe that our ESG goals align with our long-term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities, they are aspirational and may change, and there is no guarantee or promise that they will be met. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity investment risks. This exposure has increased due to recent financial market movements and changes to our expectations of near-term possible movements caused by the impact of the macroeconomic environment as discussed in more detail below. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We primarily conduct our business in the following locations: the United States, Europe, Canada, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Japan. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency and growth in our international investments, including data center expansion, costs associated with third-party infrastructure providers and additional headcount in foreign countries. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations in the following currencies: the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar and Brazilian Real against the United States Dollar USD ). These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 
 Foreign Currency Transaction Risk 
 Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from selling annual and multi-year subscriptions in multiple currencies, customer accounts receivable, intercompany transfer pricing arrangements and other intercompany transactions. Our foreign currency management objective is to minimize the effect of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on selected assets or liabilities without exposing us to additional risk associated with transactions that could be regarded as speculative. 
 We pursue our objective by utilizing foreign currency forward contracts to offset foreign exchange risk. Our foreign currency forward contracts are generally short-term in duration. We neither use these foreign currency forward contracts for trading purposes nor do we currently designate these forward contracts as hedging instruments under the relevant accounting and financial reporting guidelines. Accordingly, we record the fair values of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our condensed consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair values recorded to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Given the short duration of the forward contracts, the amount recorded is not significant. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, the net realized gain or loss on our foreign currency forward contracts and other factors. 
 Foreign Currency Translation Risk 
 Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets, liabilities, revenues, operating expenses and cash flows that we repor t for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into USD. Total revenue during the three months ended October 31, 2024 , was minimally impacted by fluctuations in foreign currencies compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023 . In addition, fluctuations in foreign currencies minimally impacted our current remaining performance obligation a s of October 31, 2024 compared to what we would have reported as of October 31, 2023. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 12.8 billion. This amount was invested primarily in money market funds, time deposits, corporate notes and bonds, government securities and other debt securities with credit ratings of at least BBB or better. The cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases, dividend payments, acquisitions of, or investments in, complementary businesses, services or technologies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our investments are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed-rate securities may have their market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our debt securities as available for sale, no gains or losses are recognized in our condensed consolidated statement of operations due to changes in interest rates. Gains or losses recognized in our condensed consolidated statement of operations are limited to those related to either the sale of securities prior to maturity or expected credit losses. 
 Our fixed-income portfolio is also subject to interest rate risk. An immediate increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points at October 31, 2024 could result in a 56 million market value reduction or increase of the same amount. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, net, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 At January 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 14.2 billion. Changes in interest rates of 100 basis points would have resulted in market value changes of 65 million. 
 Market Risk and Market Interest Risk 
 We deposit our cash with multiple financial institutions. 
 Debt 
 We maintain debt obligations that are subject to market interest risk, as follows (in millions): Instrument Maturity Date Principal Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 Interest Terms Contractual Interest Rate Credit Facility October 2029 0 Floating N/A 2028 Senior Notes April 2028 1,500 Fixed 3.70 2028 Senior Sustainability Notes July 2028 1,000 Fixed 1.50 2031 Senior Notes July 2031 1,500 Fixed 1.95 2041 Senior Notes July 2041 1,250 Fixed 2.70 2051 Senior Notes July 2051 2,000 Fixed 2.90 2061 Senior Notes July 2061 1,250 Fixed 3.05 
 Any borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a spread of 0.00 or an adjusted benchmark rate plus a spread of 0.50 to 0.85 , in each case with such spread being determined based on our credit rating. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts. As of October 31, 2024, there was no outstanding borrowing amount under the Credit Facility. 
 The bank counterparties to our derivative contracts potentially expose us to credit-related losses in the event of their nonperformance. To mitigate that risk, we only contract with counterparties who meet the minimum requirements under our counterparty risk assessment process. We monitor ratings, credit spreads and potential downgrades on at least a quarterly basis. Based on our ongoing assessment of counterparty risk, we adjust our exposure to various counterparties. We generally enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. However, we do not have any master netting arrangements in place with collateral features. 
 Strategic Investments 
 As of October 31, 2024, our strategic investment portfolio consisted of investments in ove r 400 companies wit h a combined carrying value of 4.8 billion, includ ing two privately he ld investments with carrying values that were individually greater th an five percent of t he total strategic investments portfolio and repres ented 13 percent of th e portfolio in aggregate. 
 The following table sets forth additional information regarding active equity investments within our strategic investment portfolio as of October 31, 2024 and excludes exited investments (in millions): Investment Type Capital Invested Unrealized Gains (Cumulative) Unrealized Losses (Cumulative) Carrying Value as of October 31, 2024 
 Publicly held equity securities 26 46 0 72 Privately held equity securities 4,215 1,116 (651) 4,680 Total equity securities 4,241 1,162 (651) 4,752 
 Fluctuations in the value of our privately held equity securities are only recorded when there is an observable transaction for a same or similar security of the same issuer, or in the event of impairment. We anticipate future volatility in our condensed consolidated statement of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions. 
 Our investments in privately held equity securities are in various classes of equity with varying rights and preferences. The particular securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to other securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation to movement in the total enterprise value of the company. As a result, the value of our investment in a specific company may move by more or less than a change in that company s overall value. Our ten largest privately held equity securities represent 37 percent of our total strategic investments as of October 31, 2024. If the enterprise value of the companies in which we hold those securities decreased by ten percent, the carrying value of our investment portfolio would decline by approximatel y 101 million. 
 We continually evaluate our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies. In certain cases, our ability to 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. 
 In addition, the financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. All of our investments, particularly those in privately held companies, are therefore subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on management s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level, that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there has not been any material change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter covered by this report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. Our technologies may be subject to an injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
 The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
 For more information regarding legal proceedings see Note 13 Legal Proceedings and Claims to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Operational and Execution Risks 
 Any breaches in our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet that cause unauthorized access to a customer s data, our data or our IT systems, or the blockage or disablement of authorized access to our services. 
 Any defects or disruptions in our services that diminish demand for our services. 
 Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements. 
 An inability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company and technology acquisitions. 
 Strain on our personnel resources and infrastructure from supporting our existing and growing customer base or an inability to scale our operations and increase productivity. 
 Customer attrition, or our inability to accurately predict subscription renewals and upgrade rates. 
 Disruptions caused by periodic changes to our sales organization. 
 Dependency of our services on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties. 
 Exposure to risks inherent in international operations from sales to customers outside the United States. 
 A more time-consuming and expensive sales cycle, pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges as we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers. 
 Any loss of key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, or inability to attract and retain employees necessary to support our operations and growth. 
 Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications. 
 Strategic and Industry Risks 
 An inability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate. 
 Any failure to expand our services and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments. 
 An inability to maintain and enhance our brands. 
 Partial or complete loss of invested capital, or significant changes in the fair value, of our strategic investment portfolio. 
 Any discontinuance by third-party developers and providers in embracing our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or customers asking us for warranties for third-party applications, integrations, data and content. 
 Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings. 
 Risks related to our aspirations and disclosures related to ESG matters. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, increased restriction of cross-border data transfers and other regulatory developments. 
 Evolving industry-specific regulations, requirements, interpretive positions or standards. 
 Lawsuits against us by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. 
 Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights. 
 Risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. 
 Governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 Downturns or upturns in new business, which may not be immediately reflected in our operating results because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription. 
 Significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and any failure to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts. 
 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments. 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 
 Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations. 
 Accounting pronouncements and changes in other financial and non-financial reporting standards. 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 Volatility in the market price of our common stock and associated litigation. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law that might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management. 
 General Risks 
 Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions. 
 The occurrence of natural disasters and other events beyond our control. 
 The long-term impact of climate change on our business. 
 Operational and Execution Risks 
 If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers or third-party service partners, or the underlying infrastructure of the Internet are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer s data, our data or our IT systems, or authorized access is blocked or disabled, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our services, and we may incur significant reputational harm, legal exposure and liabilities, or a negative financial impact. 
 Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers and our customers customers proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health and other personal information. Our services and underlying infrastructure may in the future be materially breached or compromised as a result of the following: 
 third-party attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or customers to disclose sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or other information to gain access to our customers data or IT systems, or our data or our IT systems; 
 efforts by individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, such as criminal organizations, state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, to launch coordinated attacks, including ransomware, destructive malware and distributed denial-of-service attacks; 
 third-party attempts to abuse our marketing, advertising, messaging or social products and functionalities to impersonate persons or organizations and disseminate information that is false, misleading or malicious; 
 cyberattacks on our internally built infrastructure on which many of our service offerings operate, or on third-party cloud-computing platform providers; 
 vulnerabilities resulting from enhancements and updates to our existing service offerings; 
 vulnerabilities in the products or components across the broad ecosystem that our services operate in conjunction with and are dependent on; 
 vulnerabilities existing within new technologies and infrastructures, including those from acquired companies; 
 attacks on, or vulnerabilities in, the many different underlying networks and services that power the Internet that our products depend on, most of which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners or customers; and 
 employee or contractor errors or intentional acts that compromise our security systems. 
 These risks are mitigated, to the extent possible, by our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies and enhance processes and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks. Our Board of Directors Board ), Cybersecurity and Privacy Committee and executive management are regularly briefed on our cybersecurity policies and practices and ongoing efforts to improve security, as well as updates on cybersecurity events. We can provide no assurances that our security measures, including implemented systems and processes designed to protect our customers and our customers customers proprietary and other sensitive data, will provide absolute 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 security or otherwise be effective or that a material breach will not occur. For example, our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by the following: 
 frequent changes to, and growth in complexity of, the techniques used to breach, obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure, including as a result of the increased use of AI technologies by bad actors, which are generally not recognized until launched against a target, and could result in our being unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent such techniques; 
 the continued evolution of our internal IT systems as we early adopt new technologies and new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers, which increases the complexity of our IT systems; 
 the acquisition of new companies, requiring us to incorporate and secure different or more complex IT environments; 
 authorization by our customers to third-party technology providers to access their customer data, which may lead to our customers inability to protect their data that is stored on our servers; and 
 our limited control over our customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of data by third-party technology providers, which may not allow us to maintain the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. 
 In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyberattack attempts and have experienced other security incidents. Although, to date, such identified security events have not been material or significant to us, including to our reputation or business operations, or had a material financial impact, there can be no assurance that future cyberattacks will not be material or significant. Additionally, as our market presence grows, we may face increased risks of cyberattack attempts or security threats, and as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. 
 A security breach or incident could result in unauthorized parties obtaining access to, or the denial of authorized access to, our IT systems or data, or our customers systems or data, including intellectual property and proprietary, sensitive or other confidential information. A security breach could also result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business and lead to increases in insurance premiums and legal, regulatory and financial exposure and liability. Further, there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our IT systems. Finally, the detection, prevention and remediation of known or potential security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software, may result in additional financial burdens due to additional direct and indirect costs, such as additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development activities. 
 For example, in April 2022, we learned a threat actor had obtained unauthorized access to several databases on Heroku, a Salesforce platform-as-a-service. The threat actor downloaded stored customer security credentials and passwords for logging into GitHub, a third-party code hosting service used by both Heroku and Heroku customers. The threat actor was also able to download passwords for a subset of customer user accounts and access the encryption key. While we do not believe this incident materially affected our business or financial results, there is no assurance that such circumstances or other similar incidents in the future could not result in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. 
 Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware, proprietary software, third-party and open-source software, our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm to our reputation and our business. Our customers may also use our services in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in services for other customers attempting to access their data. Across the industry, cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We may also encounter difficulties integrating acquired or licensed technologies into our services and in augmenting the technologies to meet the quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation. As a result, our services may contain errors or defects resulting from the complexities of integrating new technologies. 
 We have from time to time found defects in, and experienced disruptions to, our services and new defects or disruptions may occur in the future. Such defects could be the result of employee, contractor or other third-party acts or inaction, and could negatively affect our brand and reputation. We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that created vulnerabilities that inadvertently permitted access to protected customer data. We can provide no assurance that such product defects or other vulnerabilities will not occur in the future that have a material adverse effect on our business or subject us to substantial liability. Vulnerabilities in open source or any proprietary or third-party product can persist even after security patches have been issued if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching was complete. In some cases, vulnerabilities may not be immediately detected, which may make it difficult to recover critical services and lead to damaged assets. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems have in the past adversely impacted our customers businesses and could do so in the future. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our allowance for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. 
 Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers and other hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 
 We currently rely on third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries to deliver our products, services and business operations and to operate critical business systems. We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in order to offer our services, including database software, hardware and data from a variety of vendors. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services and harm our business. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services and such interruptions may occur in the future. As we increase our reliance on these third-party systems, particularly with respect to third-party cloud computing platforms, our exposure to damage from service interruptions or other performance or quality issues may increase. Interruptions in our services or other performance or quality issues may cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to make warranty or other claims against us or to terminate their subscriptions, and adversely affect our attrition rates and our ability to attract new customers, all of which would reduce our revenue. Our business and reputation would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. 
 For many of our offerings, our production environment and customers data are replicated in a separate facility located elsewhere. Certain offerings, including some offerings of companies added through acquisitions, may be served through alternate facilities or arrangements. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of destruction or vandalism or similar misconduct, as well as local administrative actions (including shelter-in-place or similar orders), changes to legal or permitting requirements and litigation to stop, limit or delay operation. In addition, supply chain disruptions due to geopolitical developments in Europe may lead to power disruptions in regions where our facilities are located. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of any of the foregoing events or risks, or a natural disaster or public health emergency, an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems or operational failures at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services, and no assurance can be provided that any such interruptions would be remediated without significant cost or in a timely manner or at all. 
 The hardware, software, data and cloud computing platforms that we rely on, including, for example, the large language models leveraged in our AI offerings, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of these hardware, software, data or cloud computing platforms could significantly increase our expenses and disrupt or otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained through purchase or license and integrated into our services, and no assurance can be provided that such equivalent technology would be developed or obtained in a timely manner or at all. 
 As we scale our operations, the amount and type of information transferred on our offerings continues to evolve, including as a result of the deployment of AI technologies, and our infrastructure capacity requirements, including network capacity and computing power, may increase as a result. If we do not accurately plan for our infrastructure capacity requirements and we experience significant strains on our data center capacity, our customers could experience performance degradation or service outages that may subject us to financial liabilities, result in customer losses and harm our reputation and business. As we add data centers and capacity and continue to move to cloud computing platform providers, we move or transfer our data and our customers data from time to time. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our services, which may damage our business. 
 As we acquire companies or technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the market value of our common stock. 
 As part of our business strategy, we periodically acquire complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to make such acquisitions in the future. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve numerous risks and could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 
 potential failure to achieve the expected benefits on a timely basis or at all; 
 potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired products that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the product into our service offerings; 
 difficulties in increasing or maintaining the security standards for acquired technology consistent with our other services, and related costs; 
 difficulty of transitioning the acquired technology onto our existing platforms and customer acceptance of multiple platforms on a temporary or permanent basis; 
 augmenting the acquired technologies and platforms to the levels that are consistent with our brand and reputation; 
 brand or reputational harm associated with our acquired companies; 
 challenges converting the acquired company s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including subscription-based revenues and term software license revenue, as well as appropriate allocation of the customer consideration to the individual deliverables; 
 division of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 
 challenges entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 
 currency and regulatory risks associated with foreign countries and potential additional cybersecurity and compliance risks resulting from entry into new markets; 
 difficulties and strain on resources in integrating acquired operations, technologies, services, platforms and personnel; 
 regulatory challenges from antitrust or other regulatory authorities that may block, delay or impose conditions (such as divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies) on the completion of transactions or the integration of acquired operations; 
 failure to fully assimilate, integrate or retrain acquired employees, which may lead to retention risk with respect to both key acquired employees and our existing key employees or disruption to existing teams; 
 differences between our values and those of our acquired companies, as well as disruptions to our workplace culture; 
 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs; 
 challenges with the acquired company s customers and partners, including the inability to maintain such relationships and changes to perception of the acquired business as a result of the acquisition; 
 challenges with the acquired company s third-party service providers, including those that are required for ongoing access to third-party data; 
 potential for acquired products to impact the profitability of existing products; 
 unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into our existing technology; 
 known and potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, including due to litigation; 
 difficulties in managing, or potential write-offs of, acquired assets, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 
 negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, fixed assets and operating lease right-of-use assets; 
 the loss of acquired unearned revenue and unbilled unearned revenue; 
 difficulties in and financial costs of addressing acquired compensation structures inconsistent with our compensation structure; 
 additional stock-based compensation issued or assumed in connection with the acquisition, including the impact on stockholder dilution and our results of operations; 
 delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; 
 ineffective or inadequate controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company; 
 in the case of foreign acquisitions, challenges caused by integrating operations over distance, and across different languages, cultures and political environments; and 
 the tax effects related to integration and business operation changes, realizability of our deferred tax assets, and uncertain tax liabilities. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Any of these risks could harm our business or negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, to facilitate acquisitions, we may seek additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all, which may affect our ability to complete subsequent acquisitions, and which may affect the risks of owning our common stock. For example, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities or loans, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we could face constraints related to the terms of, and repayment obligation related to, the incurrence of indebtedness that could affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, or integrate acquired businesses effectively, may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. For example, several countries, including the United States and countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions of varying kinds on transactions involving foreign investments and acquisitions. Antitrust authorities in a number of countries have also reviewed acquisitions in the technology industry with increased scrutiny. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, some of which may apply to acquisitions or integrations of businesses by us, and such restrictions or government actions could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 
 We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, including through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and in the future may strain our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that significant additional investments, including in human capital software, will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our services, to expand into new geographic areas and to scale with our overall growth. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. We may not be able to make these investments as quickly or effectively as necessary to successfully scale our operations. 
 We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. For example, our efforts to further automate our processes for customer contracts may be complicated by unanticipated operating difficulties. 
 Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to plan and manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. Additionally, changes in our work environment and workforce, including those arising from our Restructuring Plan or other restructuring actions or our return to office and remote work policies, may not meet the needs and expectations of our workforce or may create operational and workplace culture challenges, which could negatively impact our ability to increase employee productivity or attract and retain our employees and could adversely affect our operations. Further, reductions in our real estate portfolio resulting from our Restructuring Plan may impede our ability to adequately accommodate employees returning to the office or future headcount growth. To manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, our reporting systems and procedures and our utilization of real estate. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we may be unable to execute our business plan and the value of our common stock could decline. 
 If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services or if they reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue and current remaining performance obligation could decline and our business may suffer. If we cannot accurately predict subscription renewals or upgrade rates, we may not meet our revenue targets, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically 12 to 36 months, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to lower cost offerings of our services, particularly in times of general economic uncertainty. Additionally, due to our largely subscription-based business model, recent economic uncertainty may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. It is difficult to predict attrition rates given our varied customer base and the number of multi-year subscription contracts. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers spending levels, mix of customer base, decreases in the number of users at our customers, competition, pricing increases or changes and deteriorating general economic conditions. 
 Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions of our services to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions and customer receptiveness to any price changes related to these additional features and services. 
 Periodic changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may reduce our rate of growth. 
 We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels and other internal and external considerations. Such sales organization changes have in some periods resulted in, and may in the future result in, a reduction of productivity, which could negatively impact our rate of growth in the current and future quarters and operating results, including revenue. For example, the Restructuring Plan and other restructuring actions involved such changes to our sales organization, which could negatively impact our productivity, growth rate and operating results, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, any significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth. 
 Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third parties. 
 The Internet s infrastructure comprises many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. This infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the Internet under the governance of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Numbers and Names ICANN and the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, now under the stewardship of ICANN. 
 The Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service attacks or related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future, potentially reducing the availability of the Internet to us or our customers for delivery of our services. Additionally, the availability and reliability of the Internet may vary in certain countries, particularly those in emerging markets, which can result in outages or delays. Any resulting interruptions in our services or the ability of our customers to access our services could result in a loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business. 
 In addition, certain countries have implemented, or may implement, legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively regulate access to the Internet, including the ability of Internet service providers to limit access to specific websites or content. Other countries have attempted, are attempting or may attempt to change or limit the legal protections available to businesses that depend on the Internet for the delivery of their services. These actions could potentially limit or interrupt access to our services from certain countries or Internet service providers, increase our risk or add liabilities, impede our growth, productivity and operational effectiveness, result in the loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business. 
 Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international operations. 
 We sell our services throughout the world and are subject to risks and challenges associated with international business. We intend to seek to continue to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States or those that can affect international operations generally, include: 
 regional economic and political conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism and actual or threatened public health emergencies; 
 localization of our services, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 
 regulatory frameworks or business practices favoring local competitors; 
 pressure on the creditworthiness of sovereign nations, where we have customers and a balance of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities; 
 foreign currency fluctuations and controls, which may make our services more expensive for international customers and could add volatility to or negatively impact our operating results, including, for example, the impact of Argentina s 2023 amendments to foreign exchange controls; 
 compliance with multiple, conflicting, ambiguous or evolving governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, anti-corruption, import/export, customs, anti-boycott, sanctions and embargoes, antitrust, data privacy, transfer, storage and protection, cybersecurity, ESG and industry-specific laws and regulations, including rules related to compliance by our third-party resellers and our ability to identify and respond timely to compliance issues when they occur; 
 liquidity issues or political actions by sovereign nations, including nations with a controlled currency environment, could result in decreased values of these balances or potential difficulties protecting our foreign assets or satisfying local obligations; 
 vetting and monitoring our third-party resellers in new and evolving markets to confirm they maintain standards consistent with our brand and reputation; 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 treatment of revenue from international sources, evolving domestic and international tax environments and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying withholding taxes in foreign jurisdictions; 
 uncertainty regarding the imposition of and changes in the United States and other governments trade regulations, trade wars, tariffs, other restrictions or other geopolitical events, including the evolving relations between the United States and China, the United States and Russia, and ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East; 
 perceptions of regions or governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate, resulting in negative publicity or reputational harm; 
 regional data privacy laws and other regulatory requirements that apply to outsourced service providers and to the transmission of our customers data across international borders, which grow more complex as we scale, expand into new markets and enhance the breadth of our service offerings; 
 different pricing environments; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 different or lesser protection of our intellectual property, including increased risk of theft of our proprietary technology and other intellectual property, and more prevalent cybersecurity risks, particularly in jurisdictions in which we have historically chosen not to operate; and 
 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties. 
 Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. The above factors may also negatively impact our ability to successfully expand into emerging market countries, where we have little or no operating experience, where it can be costly and challenging to establish and maintain operations, including hiring and managing required personnel, and difficult to promote our brand, and where we may not benefit from any first-to-market advantage or otherwise succeed. 
 As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation and configuration challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 
 As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, including governmental entities, and specific industries, such as financial services and healthcare and life sciences, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles, greater competition and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In these market segments, the customer s decision to use our services is often an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, may require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, as well as addressing concerns regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations of prospective customers with international operations or whose own customers operate internationally. 
 In addition, larger customers and governmental entities often demand more configuration, integration services and features. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities often require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. 
 Pricing and packaging strategies for enterprise and other customers for subscriptions to our existing and future service offerings, including for our AI offerings such as Agentforce, may not be widely accepted by new or existing customers. Our adoption of or failure to adopt, as well as the manner and time of, changes to our pricing and packaging models and strategies may harm our business. 
 We may lose key members of our management team or development and operations personnel, and may be unable to attract and retain employees we need to support our operations and growth. 
 Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring, departure or realignment of executives. Such changes may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success. If we do not develop adequate succession planning for our key personnel, the loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and technology services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists and operations personnel. We have experienced, and currently experience, challenges with significant competition in talent recruitment and retention, and may not in the future be successful in recruiting or retaining talent or achieving the workforce diversity goals we have set publicly. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring, developing, integrating and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. These difficulties may be amplified by evolving restrictions on immigration, travel, or availability of visas for skilled technology workers. Additionally, our compensation arrangements and benefits may not always be successful in attracting new employees or retaining and motivating our existing personnel. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 
 In January 2023, we announced the Restructuring Plan, which was intended to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. The Restructuring Plan included a reduction of our workforce, which was substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2024, and select real estate exits and office space reductions within certain markets, which are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2026. In the first half of fiscal 2025, we initiated further targeted workforce and office space reductions, which are expected to be substantially complete in fiscal 2025. The Restructuring Plan and other recent workforce reductions, or any similar actions taken in the future, could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees. 
 In addition, we believe in the importance of our corporate culture, which fosters dialogue, collaboration, recognition, equality and a sense of family. As our organization has grown and expanded globally, and as our workplace plans have developed, including, for example, workforce and office space reductions enacted under the Restructuring Plan, we have in the past and may in the future find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture globally, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees, harm our reputation with customers or negatively impact our future growth. 
 Any failure in the delivery of high-quality professional and technical support services related to our online applications may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. 
 Our customers sometimes require highly skilled and trained service professionals to successfully implement our applications and depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Implementation services may be performed by us, our customers, a third party, or a combination thereof. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, our revenue recognition could be impacted and the customer s dissatisfaction with the services received could negatively impact our ability to sell our other offerings to that customer or retain existing customers. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current or prospective customers. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services across our varying and diverse offerings. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our applications and business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality professional and technical support services, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality professional and technical support services, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our service offerings to existing and prospective customers, and our business, operating results and financial position. 
 Strategic and Industry Risks 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and subject to changing technology, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to a different enterprise software service. Additionally, third-party developers may be reluctant to build application services on our platform since they have invested in other competing technology platforms. 
 Our current competitors include: 
 vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise apps delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; 
 vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings, including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors or data platform vendors; 
 productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and 
 traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new apps that run on the customers current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. 
 In addition, we may face more competition as we expand our product offerings. Some of our current and potential competitors may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more significant installed bases, broader geographic scope, broader suites of service offerings and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and resellers. We also experience competition from smaller, younger competitors that may be more agile in responding to customers demands and offer more targeted and simplified solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements, or provide competitive pricing, more flexible contracts or faster implementations. Additionally, we are building AI into many of our offerings, and we are facing increased competition as AI technologies are integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may be able to develop new AI offerings that disrupt workforce needs and negatively impact demand for our offerings, or incorporate AI into their offerings more successfully than we do and achieve greater and faster adoption. As a result, even if our services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might select competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our services. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which could negatively impact our future sales and harm our business. 
 Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business. 
 We derive a majority of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application services, and we expect this will continue for the foreseeable future. Our efforts to expand our current service offerings may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. In addition, the markets and monetization strategies for certain offerings, including Agentforce, remain relatively new and uncertain and as a result our expansion into such offerings, and related investments, may present additional risks and challenges. For example, we may increase the number of products that use a consumption-based business model. Due to customer flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we could have less visibility into the timing of revenue recognition for consumption-based offerings than we do for our subscription-based offerings, and there is a risk that customers could consume our products at lower levels than we expect. Further, the introduction of future platform changes and upgrades may not result in long term revenue growth. 
 If we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be harmed. For example, we may be required to continuously enhance our AI offerings to improve the quality of content provided to our customers. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature, service or enhancement by customers, administrators and developers, as well as our ability to integrate all of our product and service offerings and develop adequate selling capabilities in new markets. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth as well as negatively impact our operating results if the additional costs are not offset by additional revenues. In addition, because our services are designed to operate over various network technologies and on a variety of mobile devices, operating systems and computer hardware and software platforms using a standard browser, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our services to keep pace with changes in hardware, software, communication, browser, app development platform and database technologies, as well as continue to maintain and support our services on legacy systems. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in bringing them to market timely. 
 Additionally, if we fail to anticipate or identify significant technology trends and developments early enough, or if we do not devote appropriate resources to adapting to such trends and developments, our business could be harmed. Uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, modifications to existing platforms or technologies, including text messaging capabilities, or changes in customer usage patterns thereof could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses or lead to our increased reliance on certain vendors. Any failure of our services to 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our services, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands. 
 We believe that the brand identities we have developed, including associations with trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the Salesforce brand and our other brands is critical to expanding our base of customers, partners and employees. Our brand strength, particularly for our core services, depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and to continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers success even as we scale and expand our services. In order to maintain and enhance the strength of our brands, we have made and may in the future make substantial investments to expand or improve our product offerings and services, or we may enter new markets that may be accompanied by initial complications or ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 
 In addition, we have secured the naming rights to facilities controlled by third parties, such as office towers and a transit center, and any negative events or publicity arising in connection with these facilities could adversely impact our brand. 
 Further, entry into markets with weaker protection of brands or changes in the legal systems in countries we operate may impact our ability to protect our brands. If we fail to maintain, enhance or protect our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. While we invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, advancing responsible generative AI, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, we may still experience unforeseen brand or reputational harm associated with our investments. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company s initial public offering. Investments in early stage companies are inherently speculative, as these companies may not yet be revenue-generating and could still be in the process of developing their products and services at the time of our investment. The financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. Our investments may face challenges from regulatory authorities, including from antitrust authorities who are increasingly scrutinizing technology investments and acquisitions, potentially resulting in unexpected costs, delays, or unfavorable conditions imposed on transactions involving our investment portfolio. In certain cases, our ability to sell these investments may be impacted by contractual obligations to hold the securities for a set period of time after a public offering. All of our investments are subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital. 
 We are exposed to volatility in our condensed consolidated statements of operations due to changes in market prices, observable price changes and impairments of our strategic investments. The measurement of our non-marketable equity and debt securities at fair value is inherently subjective and requires management judgment and estimation. The resulting gains or losses could be material depending on market conditions and events, particularly in periods with economic uncertainty, inflation, geopolitical conflict, volatile public equity markets or unsettled global market conditions. 
 If third-party developers and providers do not continue to embrace our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services, or if our customers seek warranties from us for third-party applications, integrations, data and content, our business could be harmed. 
 Our success depends on the willingness of a growing community of third-party developers and technology providers to build applications and provide integrations, data and content that are complementary to our services. Without the continued development of these applications and provision of such integrations, data and content, both current and potential customers may not find our services sufficiently attractive, which could impact future sales. In addition, for those customers who authorize a third-party technology partner to access their data, we do not provide any warranty related to the functionality, security or integrity of the data access, transmission or processing. Despite contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and provide warranties for the third-party applications, integrations, data and content, even though not developed or sold by us, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations, all of which could harm our reputation and our business. 
 Social and ethical issues, including the use or capabilities of AI in our offerings, may result in reputational harm and liability. 
 Policies we adopt or choose not to adopt on social and ethical issues, especially regarding the use of our products, may be unpopular with some of our employees or with our customers or potential customers, and have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers. Our decisions about whether to conduct business with 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 potential customers, or whether to continue or expand business with existing customers, may also impact our ability to attract or retain employees and customers, and could result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Further, actions taken by our customers and employees, including through the use or misuse of our products or new technologies for illegal activities or improper information sharing, may result in reputational harm or possible liability, particularly in light of regulatory requirements like the Digital Services Act DSA from the EU. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe that we have a strong defense against these allegations, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations and the outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Regardless of outcome, these types of claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 
 We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, including generative and agentic AI. As with many innovations, AI offerings, such as Agentforce, and our Salesforce platform present additional risks and challenges that could affect their adoption and therefore our business. For example, the development of our AI offerings, such as Agentforce, and the Salesforce platform, which provides information regarding our customers customers, present emerging ethical issues. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or in other social contexts, we may experience new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability, especially as geopolitical turmoil creates increasingly volatile political and market conditions. Data practices by us or others that result in controversy could also impair the acceptance of AI solutions. This in turn could undermine confidence in the decisions, predictions, analysis or other content that our AI applications produce, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability and brand or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of resources to develop, test and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. Uncertainty around new and emerging AI applications such as generative AI content creation and AI agents will require additional investment in the licensing or development of proprietary datasets, machine learning models and systems to test for accuracy, bias and other variables, which are often complex, may be costly and could impact our profit margin. Moreover, the move from AI content classification to AI content generation through our development of Agentforce and other generative AI products brings additional risks and responsibility. Known risks of generative AI currently include risks related to accuracy, bias, toxicity, privacy and security and data provenance. For example, AI technologies, including generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or flawed, or contains copyrighted or other protected material, and if our customers or others use this flawed or protected content to their detriment, or the owners of such copyrighted material seek to enforce their rights, we may be exposed to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm and/or legal liability. Developing, testing and deploying AI systems may also increase the cost profile of our offerings due to the nature of the computing costs involved in such systems. If we are unable to mitigate these risks, or if we incur excessive expenses in our efforts to do so, our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. 
 Our aspirations and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. 
 We have established and publicly announced ESG goals, including our commitments to advancing racial and gender equality within our workforce and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community as well as enforcement authorities. 
 Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: 
 the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; 
 the evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG practices and/or disclosures; 
 the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other ESG standards; 
 our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent in our labor markets; and 
 the success of our organic growth and acquisitions, dispositions or restructuring of our businesses or operations. 
 Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Our use of disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. This may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period or between Salesforce and other companies in the same industry. In addition, our processes and controls may not comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required of public companies by the SEC and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. For example, the 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 proliferation of climate and other ESG disclosure requirements at the local, national and international levels have required and may continue to require significant effort and resources and could result in changes to our current ESG goals in order to comply with differing requirements. 
 If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider could be negatively impacted. Further, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards on a timely basis, or at all, could have similar negative impacts or expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Privacy concerns and laws as well as evolving regulation of cloud computing, AI services, cross-border data transfer restrictions and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. 
 Regulation related to the provision of services over the Internet is evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new, or modify existing, laws and regulations addressing data privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, data sovereignty and the collection, processing, storage, hosting, transfer and use of data, generally. In some cases, data privacy laws and regulations, such as the EU s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), impose obligations directly on us as both a data controller and a data processor, as well as on many of our customers. In addition, domestic data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), and laws that have recently passed and/or gone into effect in many other states similarly impose new obligations on us and many of our customers, potentially as both a covered business and service provider. These laws continue to evolve, including, for example, India s Digital Personal Data Protection Act 2023, and as various jurisdictions introduce similar proposals, which often include subsequent rules and regulation, we and our customers become subject to additional regulatory burdens. New EU laws related to the use of data, including in the DSA, the Data Act and AI Act, may impose additional rules and restrictions on the use of the data in our products and services. 
 In addition, various safe harbors have historically been provided to those who hosted content provided by others, such as safe harbors from monetary damages for copyright infringement arising from copyrighted content provided by customers and others and for defamation and other torts arising from information provided by customers and others. There is an increasing demand for repealing or limiting these safe harbors by either judicial decision or legislation, and we have active legal proceedings that have been impacted by the repeal or limiting of safe harbors that were previously available to us. Loss of these safe harbors may require altering or limiting some of our services or may require additional contractual terms to avoid liabilities for our customers misconduct. 
 Although we monitor the regulatory, judicial and legislative environment and have invested in addressing these developments, these laws may require us to make additional changes to our practices and services to enable us or our customers to meet the new legal requirements, and may also increase our potential liability exposure through new or higher potential penalties for noncompliance, including as a result of penalties, fines and lawsuits related to data breaches. Furthermore, privacy laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other requirements are causing increased scrutiny among customers, particularly in the public sector and highly regulated industries, and may be perceived differently from customer to customer. These developments could reduce demand for our services, require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to store, transfer and process data or, in some cases, impact our ability or our customers' ability to offer our services in certain locations, to deploy our solutions, to reach current and prospective customers, or to derive insights from customer data globally. For example, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, one of the mechanisms that allowed companies, including us, to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area EEA to the United States. Even though the CJEU decision upheld the Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs as an adequate transfer mechanism, the decision created uncertainty around the validity of all EU-to-U.S. data transfers. While the EU and U.S. governments have since adopted the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to foster EU-to-U.S. data transfers and address the concerns raised in the aforementioned CJEU decision, it is uncertain whether this framework will be overturned in court like the previous two EU-U.S. bilateral cross-border transfer frameworks. As a result, regulators may continue to be inclined to interpret the CJEU s decision, and the logic behind it, as significantly restricting certain cross-border transfers and the cost and complexity of providing our services in certain markets may increase. Certain countries outside of the EEA have also passed or are considering passing laws requiring varying degrees of local data residency. By way of further example, statutory damages available through a private right of action for certain data breaches under the CPRA and potentially other states laws, may increase our and our customers potential liability and the demands our customers place on us. 
 The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from our commitments to customers and our customers customers, lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, in particular where customers request specific warranties and unlimited indemnity for noncompliance with privacy laws, any of which could harm our business. In March 2023, we launched the Hyperforce EU Operating Zone, which is designed to enable storage and processing of customer data solely within the EU. This EU service may enhance our ability to attract and retain customers operating in the EU, but may also increase the cost and complexity of supporting those customers, and our customers may demand similar offerings in other territories. 
 In addition to government activity, privacy advocates and other industry groups have established or may establish new self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on our ability to provide our services globally. Our customers expect us to meet voluntary certification and other standards established by third parties. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could adversely affect our ability to provide our solutions to certain customers and could harm our business. In addition, we have seen a trend toward the private enforcement of data protection obligations, including through private actions for alleged noncompliance, which could harm our business and negatively impact our reputation. For example, in 2020 we were made a party to a legal proceeding brought by a Dutch privacy advocacy group (the Privacy Collective) on behalf of certain Dutch citizens that claims we violated the GDPR and Dutch Telecommunications Act through the processing and sharing of data in connection with our Audience Studio and Data Studio products. In December 2021, the Amsterdam District Court declared the Privacy Collective s claims against us inadmissible and dismissed the case, however, this ruling was appealed by the Privacy Collective. The appeal hearing took place in the Amsterdam Court of Appeal on February 8, 2024 and we are currently awaiting judgment. We were also named as a defendant in a similar lawsuit brought in the UK, which has subsequently been dismissed. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, these or similar future claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. In addition, a shift in consumers data privacy expectations or other social, economic or political developments could impact the regulatory enforcement of privacy regulations, which could require our cooperation and increase the cost of compliance with the imposed regulations. 
 Furthermore, the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may raise concerns regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, which may cause our customers or our customers customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our services effectively. In addition, new products we develop or acquire in connection with changing events may expose us to liability or regulatory risk. Even the perception that the privacy and security of personal information are not satisfactorily protected or do not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions. 
 Industry-specific regulations and other requirements and standards are evolving and industry-specific laws, regulations, interpretive positions or standards could harm our business. 
 Our customers and potential customers conduct business in a variety of industries, including financial services, the public sector, healthcare and telecommunications. Regulators in certain industries have adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of cloud computing, AI services and other outsourced services. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, industry-specific laws, regulations and interpretive positions may limit our customers use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. Compliance with these regulations may also require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. In the United States, a cybersecurity Executive Order released in May 2021 may heighten future compliance and incident reporting standards in order to obtain certain public sector contracts. If we are unable to comply with these guidelines or controls, or if our customers are unable to obtain regulatory approval to use our services where required, our business may be harmed. In addition, an inability to satisfy the standards of certain voluntary third-party certification bodies that our customers may expect, such as an attestation of compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, may have an adverse impact on our business and results. If in the future we are unable to achieve or maintain industry-specific certifications or other requirements or standards relevant to our customers, it may harm our business and adversely affect our results. 
 Further, in some cases, industry-specific, regionally-specific or product-specific laws, regulations or interpretive positions may impact our ability, as well as the ability of our customers, partners and data providers, to collect, augment, analyze, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain services we provide. The interpretation of many of these statutes, regulations and rulings is evolving in the courts and administrative agencies and an inability to comply may have an adverse impact on our business and results. This impact may be particularly acute in countries that have passed or are considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localized in country, as this may impose financial costs on companies required to store data in jurisdictions not of their choosing and to use nonstandard operational processes that add complexity and are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes. This is also true with respect to the global proliferation of laws regulating the financial services industry, including its use of cloud services. In Europe, the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA), which aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sectors, including through mandatory risk management, incident reporting, resilience testing and third-party outsourcing restrictions, was formally adopted by the Council of the EU in November 2022. The UK is advancing similar legislation and other countries may follow. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, and particularly generative AI, and/or are considering legal frameworks on AI. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 There are various statutes, regulations and rulings relevant to direct email marketing and text-messaging industries, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act TCPA and related Federal Communication Commission orders, which impose significant restrictions on the ability to utilize telephone calls and text messages to mobile telephone numbers as a means of communication, when the prior consent of the person being contacted has not been obtained. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to one or more class-action lawsuits, as well as individual lawsuits, containing allegations that one of our businesses or customers violated the TCPA. A determination that we or our customers violated the TCPA or other communications-based statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions across the world are currently considering, or have already begun implementing, changes to antitrust and competition laws, regulations or interpretative positions to enhance competition in digital markets and address practices by certain digital platforms that they perceive to be anticompetitive. These regulatory efforts could result in laws, regulations or interpretative positions that may require us to change certain of our business practices, undertake new compliance obligations or otherwise may have an adverse impact on our business and results. 
 We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for various claims, including alleged infringement of proprietary rights. 
 We are involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business activities. These include claims, suits, government investigations and other proceedings involving alleged infringement of third-party patents and other intellectual property rights, as well as commercial, corporate and securities, labor and employment, class actions, wage and hour, antitrust, data privacy, cybersecurity and other matters. 
 The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of many patents, trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties, including practicing entities and non-practicing entities, claiming that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We have also been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their claimed proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are found to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages, or both. Further, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. 
 In addition, we have in the past been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including through the use or misuse of our products. For example, we have been subject to allegations in legal proceedings that we should be liable for the use of certain of our products by third parties. Although we believe we have a strong defense for these claims, such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 
 Our exposure to risks associated with various claims, including claims related to the use of intellectual property as well as securities and related stockholder derivative claims, may be increased as a result of acquisitions of other companies. For example, we are subject to ongoing securities class action litigation and related stockholder derivative claims brought against Slack that remain outstanding, and as to which we may ultimately be subject to liability or settlement costs. Additionally, we may have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to intellectual property or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks with respect to acquired companies or technologies. In addition, third parties have made claims in connection with our acquisitions and may do so in the future, and they may also make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 
 The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims or lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or licensing discussions, or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims and, in the case of intellectual property claims, require us to change our technology, change our business practices, pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 
 Any adverse determination or settlement related to intellectual property claims or other litigation could prevent us from offering our services to others, could be material to our financial condition or cash flows, or both, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results, including our operating cash flow in a particular period. In addition, depending on the nature and timing of any such dispute, an unfavorable resolution of a legal matter could materially affect our current or future results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. 
 Any failure to obtain registration or protection of our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harm our business. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology, affecting our brand, causing us to incur significant expenses and harming our business. Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we have many U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications or the patent protection may not be obtained quickly enough to meet our business needs. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Similar uncertainty applies to our U.S. and international trademark registrations and applications. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain, and we also may face proposals to change the scope of protection for some intellectual property rights in the U.S. and elsewhere. Additionally, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies, which we are increasingly building into our product offerings, has not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of AI technologies in our products and services may expose us to copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation claims related to AI training or output. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our services are available and legal changes and uncertainty in various countries intellectual property regimes may result in making conduct that we believe is lawful to be deemed violative of others rights. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Also, our involvement in standard-setting activity, our contribution to open source projects, various competition law regimes or the need to obtain licenses from others may require us to license our intellectual property in certain circumstances. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property. 
 We may be required to spend significant resources and expense to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could impact our ability to protect our technology and brand. Furthermore, any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, cause us to divert time and resources from our core business, and harm our business. 
 We may be subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations. 
 Contracting with federal, state, local and foreign governments or state-owned entities subjects us to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to these contracts formation, administration and performance, and how we engage with government officials. We are from time to time subject to audits, inquiries and investigations relating to our government contracts, which may result in adverse perceptions of our business. Additionally, any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines and suspension or debarment from future government business, as well as reputational harm. Such contracts may also provide for termination by the government at any time, without cause. Additionally, our contracting with certain government entities may result in negative publicity or reputational harm. Any of these risks related to contracting with governmental entities could adversely impact our future sales, costs of doing business and operating results. 
 We are subject to governmental sanctions and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and may subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our solutions are subject to export and import controls where we conduct our business activities, including the U.S. Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, U.S. supply chain regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. If we fail to comply with applicable trade laws, we and certain of our employees could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of trade privileges; fines, which may be imposed on us and responsible employees or managers; and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. Obtaining necessary authorizations, including any required licenses, may be time-consuming, requires expenditure of corporate resources, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities or the ability to realize value from certain acquisitions or engagements. Acquisitions may also subject us to successor liability and other integration compliance risks. Furthermore, export control laws and economic sanctions may prohibit or limit the transfer of certain products and services to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and parties. We can provide no assurance that any of the precautions we take to prevent our solutions from being provisioned or provided to sanctions targets in violation of applicable regulations will be effective, and, accordingly, our solutions could be provisioned or provided to those targets, including by our resellers or other third parties, which could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. Changes in our solutions or trade regulations may create delays in the introduction, sale and deployment of our solutions in international markets or prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Sanctions and import and export control regulations in the United States and other countries are subject to change and uncertainty, including as a result of rapidly evolving technology, increased government 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 regulation over AI and cloud service solutions, and geopolitical developments such as events affecting relations between the United States and China, multi-jurisdictional sanctions on Russia, war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East. Regulators in the United States and elsewhere have signaled an increased emphasis on sanctions and export control enforcement, including efforts to combat diversion of services to sanctioned countries and parties, several recent high-profile enforcement actions and increased pressure for companies to self-disclose potential violations. 
 Financial Risks 
 Because we generally recognize revenue from subscriptions for our services over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 
 We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription and support agreements, which are typically 12 to 36 months. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is the result of subscription and support agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our services, and changes in our attrition rate, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription and support term. 
 If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our business could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 Due to the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, including from the global economic impact of ongoing conflicts, such as the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, the pace of change and innovation in enterprise cloud computing services, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, the growing complexity of our business, including the use of multiple pricing and packaging models and the increasing amount of revenue from term software license sales, and our increasing focus on enterprise cloud computing services, we may not be able to realize our projected revenue growth plans. We plan our expense and investment levels based on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending appropriately if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewals of existing subscriptions fall short of our expectations, and unanticipated events may cause us to incur expenses beyond what we anticipated. A portion of our expenses may also be fixed in nature for some minimum amount of time, such as with costs capitalized to obtain revenue contracts, data center and infrastructure service contracts or office leases, so it may not be possible to reduce costs in a timely manner, or at all, without the payment of fees to exit certain obligations early. Additionally, if sales through indirect channels or for consumption-based product offerings increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting revenue and anticipated rate of growth. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. If we are not able to provide continued operating margin expansion, our business could be harmed and the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities and global tax developments may impact our financial results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in operations, changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, effects from acquisitions and changes in accounting principles and tax laws. Any changes, ambiguity or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions could also materially impact our income tax liabilities. 
 We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities and penalties due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, local or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, or changes to our business operations, including as a result of acquisitions. Any resulting increase in our tax obligation or cash taxes paid could adversely affect our cash flows and financial results. 
 We are also subject to tax examinations or engaged in alternative resolutions in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or changes in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 As our business continues to grow, increasing our brand recognition and profitability, we may be subject to increased scrutiny and corresponding tax disputes, which may impact our cash flows and financial results. Furthermore, our growing prominence may bring public attention to our tax profile, and if perceived negatively, may cause brand or reputational harm. 
 Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact to our business, cash flows, or financial results. Such developments, for example, may include certain provisions introduced by the Inflation Reduction Act, certain Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s proposals including the implementation of the global minimum tax under the Pillar Two model rules, and the European Commission s and certain major jurisdictions heightened interest in and taxation of companies participating in the digital economy. Furthermore, governments responses to macroeconomic factors and tax revenue needs may lead to tax rule changes that could materially and adversely affect our cash flows and financial results. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that have in the past and could in the future negatively impact our financial results and cash flows from changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. 
 We primarily conduct our business in the following regions: the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The expanding global scope of our business exposes us to risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets, including in emerging markets. This exposure is the result of selling in multiple currencies, growth in our international investments, additional headcount in foreign locations, and operating in countries where the functional currency is the local currency. Specifically, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to currency fluctuations primarily in Euro, British Pound Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real and Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, economic and political conditions change and evolving tax regulations come into effect. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Furthermore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, combined with the seasonality of our business, could affect our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. 
 Additionally, global events as well as geopolitical developments, including war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, fluctuating commodity prices, trade tariff developments and inflation have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the interest rate environment, which has and could in the future amplify the volatility of currency fluctuations. Although we attempt to mitigate some of this volatility and related risks through foreign currency hedging, our hedging activities are limited in scope and may not effectively offset the adverse financial impacts that may result from unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our debt service obligations, lease commitments and other contractual obligations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had a substantial level of outstanding debt, including our Senior Notes. We are also party to the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement, which provides for our 5.0 billion Credit Facility. Although there were no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024, we may use the proceeds of future borrowings under the Credit Facility for general corporate purposes. 
 In addition to the outstanding and potential debt obligations above, we have also recorded substantial liabilities associated with noncancellable future payments on our long-term lease agreements. We also have significant other contractual commitments, including leases that have not yet commenced and commitments with infrastructure service providers, which are not reflected on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual commitments and any additional issuances of indebtedness could: 
 impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; 
 cause us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations toward debt service obligations and principal repayments; and 
 make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 
 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Further, our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt. If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any new or refinanced debt may be subject to substantially higher 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 interest rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition and impact our business. In addition, we may seek debt financing to fund future acquisitions. We can offer no assurance that we can obtain debt financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 In addition, adverse changes by any rating agency to our credit ratings may negatively impact our reputation, the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with a refinancing of our debt. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also affect the terms of any such refinancing or future financing or restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Loan Credit Agreement impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our outstanding debt could result in events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of all of our debt and borrowings. Any required repayment of our debt as a result of a fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business. 
 Lease accounting guidance requires that we record a liability for operating lease activity on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, which increases both our assets and liabilities and therefore may impact our ability to obtain the necessary financing from financial institutions at commercially viable rates or at all. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Periods beyond the noncancellable term of the lease are included in the measurement of the lease liability and associated asset only when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the associated extension option or waive the termination option. We reassess the lease term if and when a significant event or change in circumstances occurs within our control. The potential impact of these options to extend could be material to our financial position and financial results. 
 Current and future accounting pronouncements and other financial and nonfinancial reporting standards may negatively impact our financial results. 
 We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial and nonfinancial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and interpretations that are relevant to us. As a result of new financial or nonfinancial standards or pronouncements, changes to existing standards or pronouncements and changes in their interpretation, we may be required to change our accounting policies, to alter our operational policies, to implement new or enhance existing systems so that they reflect new or amended financial reporting standards, or to restate our published financial statements. Such changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and operating results, or cause an adverse deviation from our revenue and operating profit targets, which may negatively impact our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 
 Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate, which may cause the value of our common stock to decline substantially. 
 Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate. Fluctuations have occurred due to known and unknown risks, such as the global economic impact of ongoing conflicts, including the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, and uncertainty about the interest rate environment. In addition, our fiscal fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals, and the year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns and overall new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, our fiscal first quarter has typically in the past been our largest collections and operating cash flow quarter. 
 Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 
 general economic or geopolitical conditions, including the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, financial market conditions, increasing costs of operation and foreign currency exchange rates, any of which can adversely affect either our customers ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions or upgrade their services, or delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, reduce the value of new subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates; 
 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers requirements; 
 the attrition rates for our services; 
 the size and productivity of our sales force; 
 the length of the sales cycle for our services; 
 new product and service introductions by our competitors; 
 our success in selling our services to large enterprises; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 changes in unearned revenue and remaining performance obligation, due to seasonality, the timing of and compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, size and timing, new business linearity between quarters and within a quarter, average contract term, the collectability of invoices related to multi-year agreements, the timing of license software revenue recognition, or fluctuations due to foreign currency movements, all of which may impact implied growth rates; 
 our ability to realize benefits from strategic partnerships, acquisitions or investments; 
 our ability to execute and realize benefits from the Restructuring Plan and other workforce reductions, or any similar actions taken in the future; 
 variations in the revenue mix of our services and growth rates of our subscription and support offerings, including the timing of term software license sales for which the revenue is recognized at a point in time; 
 the seasonality of our sales cycle, including term software license sales, and timing of contract execution and the corresponding impact on revenue recognized at a point in time; 
 the seasonality of customer usage for consumption-based product offerings; 
 changes in our pricing policies and terms of contracts, whether initiated by us or as a result of competition, customer preference or other factors; 
 expenses associated with our pricing policies and terms of contracts, such as the costs of customer SMS text usage paid by us and the related impacts to our gross margin; 
 the seasonality of our customers businesses, especially our Commerce service offering customers, including retailers and branded manufacturers; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, such as the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound Sterling; 
 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; 
 the number of new employees, including the cost to recruit and train such employees; 
 the timing of commission, bonus and other compensation payments to employees, including decisions to guarantee some portion of commissions payments in connection with extraordinary events; 
 the cost, timing and management effort required for the introduction of new features to our services; 
 the costs associated with acquiring new businesses and technologies and the follow-on costs of integration and consolidating the results of acquired businesses; 
 expenses related to our real estate or changes in the nature or extent of our use of existing real estate, including our office leases and our data center capacity and expansion; 
 timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services and in our consulting services; 
 expenses related to significant, unusual or discrete events, which are recorded in the period in which the events occur, including litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; 
 income tax effects resulting from, but not limited to, tax law changes, court decisions on tax matters, global tax developments applicable to multinational corporations, changes in operations or business structures and acquisition activity; 
 the timing of payroll and other withholding tax expenses, which are triggered by the payment of bonuses and when employees exercise their vested stock options; 
 technical difficulties or interruptions in our services; 
 changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which impact the return on our investments in cash and marketable securities; 
 conditions, and particularly sudden changes, in the financial markets, which have impacted and may continue to impact the value and liquidity of our investment portfolio; 
 changes in the fair value of our strategic investments, including impairments, which could negatively and materially impact our financial results, particularly in periods of significant market fluctuations; 
 equity or debt issuances, including as consideration in or in conjunction with acquisitions; 
 the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to expense those stock awards over their vesting schedules; 
 evolving regulations of cloud computing and cross-border data transfer restrictions and similar regulations; and 
 regulatory compliance and acquisition costs. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely. If we fail to meet or exceed operating results expectations or if securities analysts and investors have estimates and forecasts of our future performance that are unrealistic or that we do not meet, the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of the securities analysts who cover us adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 
 The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have historically been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: 
 variations in our operating results, including operating margin, net income per share, cash flows from operating activities, unearned revenue, remaining performance obligation, year-over-year growth rates for individual service offerings and other financial and non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations; 
 variations in, and limitations of, the various financial and other metrics and modeling used by analysts in their research and reports about our business; 
 forward-looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to, for example, future revenue, current remaining performance obligation, cash flows from operating activities, operating margin and net income per share, the accuracy of which may be impacted by various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including general economic and market conditions and unanticipated delays in the integration of acquired companies as a result of regulatory review; 
 our ability to meet or exceed forward-looking guidance we have given or to meet or exceed the expectations of investors, analysts or others; our ability to give forward-looking guidance consistent with past practices; and changes to or withdrawal of previous guidance or long-range targets; 
 changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 
 announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 
 announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors; 
 announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 
 the coverage of our common stock by the financial media, including television, radio and press reports and blogs; 
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software, network or data center problems; 
 the economy as a whole, geopolitical conditions, including global trade and health concerns, market conditions in our industry and the industries of our customers, and financial institution instability; 
 trading activity or positions by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding common stock, as well as other institutional or activist investors; 
 the issuance of shares of common stock by us, whether in connection with an acquisition or a capital-raising transaction; 
 our ability to execute on our Share Repurchase Program as planned, including whether we meet internal or external expectations around the timing or price of share repurchases, and any reductions or discontinuances of repurchases thereunder; 
 issuance of debt or other convertible securities; 
 any increase to or reduction, suspension or elimination of dividend payments; 
 the inability to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective; 
 changes to our credit ratings; and 
 ESG and other issues impacting our reputation. 
 In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the greater securities market in general experience uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock has and could in the future decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition, including as a reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation, such as the securities litigation against Slack that was brought before our acquisition. Such litigation, whether against us or an acquired subsidiary, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 resources and any liability resulting from or the settlement of such litigation could result in material adverse impacts to our operating cash flows or results of operations for a given period. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or changes in our management that the stockholders of the Company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: 
 permit the Board to establish the number of directors; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a poison pill 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 provide that the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends in any particular amounts, or at all. 
 Whether we continue to pay cash dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay cash dividends, in the future is subject to continued capital availability, general economic and market conditions, applicable laws and agreements and our Board continuing to determine that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be discontinued at any time and dividend amounts may be reduced at any time. A discontinuation of or reduction in our dividend payments could have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 
 General Risks 
 Volatile and significantly weakened global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. The United States and other key international economies have experienced significant economic and market downturns in the past, and are likely to experience additional cyclical downturns from time to time in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, inflation, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These economic conditions can arise suddenly and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, such as war in Ukraine and the regional conflict in the Middle East, have increased and may continue to increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and the volatility of global financial markets. Moreover, these conditions have affected and may continue to affect the rate of IT spending; could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to attend our events or to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services; have delayed and may delay customer purchasing decisions; and have reduced and may in the future reduce the value and duration of customer subscription contracts or cause our customers to seek to modify their existing subscription contracts. All of these risks and conditions could materially adversely affect our future sales, attrition rates and operating results. 
 Natural disasters and other events beyond our control have in the past and may in the future materially adversely affect us. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or disruption to our people, operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations, the business operations of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business and the business operations of our customers are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shutoffs or shortages, actual or threatened public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. For example, the occurrence of regional conflicts, epidemics or a global pandemic, such as COVID-19, have in the past and may in the future materially affect how we and our customers operate our businesses, as well as our operating results and cash flows. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 could decrease demand for our services. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our personnel, research and development activities and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event, and the adverse effects of any such catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event. 
 Climate change may have an impact on our business. 
 While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs and partnering with organizations who are also focused on mitigating their own climate-related risks, we recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. For example, our offices globally have historically experienced, and are projected to continue to experience, climate-related events at an increasing frequency, including drought, water scarcity, heat waves, cold waves, flooding, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with climate-related events. These events in turn have impacts on inflation risks, food security, water security (including for water availability for data center cooling), energy security and on our employees health and well-being. Furthermore, it is more difficult to mitigate the impact of these events on our employees working remotely or at client sites. Changing market dynamics, global policy developments and the increasing frequency and impact of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and elsewhere have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of companies we invest in, the business of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business and the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. In particular, climate-related events, energy market volatility, and power grid disruptions may increase the operational costs of data centers for us or our third-party providers. Additionally, failure to uphold, meet or make timely forward progress against our public commitments and goals related to climate action could adversely affect our reputation with investors, suppliers and customers, our financial performance or our ability to recruit and retain talent. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securitie s 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of PredictSpring Inc., on September 12, 2024, the Company issued 82,836 shares of its common stock to certain former stockholders of PredictSpring Inc. that will vest over time. In connection with the Company s acquisition of Tenyx, Inc., on September 13, 2024, the Company issued 58,514 shares of its common stock to certain former stockholders of Tenyx, Inc. that will vest over time. These issuances were made in reliance on one or more of the following exemptions or exclusions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act: Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share repurchases of the Company s common stock for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were as follows (in millions, except for average price paid per share): Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program August 2024 2 254.86 2 11,227 September 2024 2 254.18 2 10,748 October 2024 1 285.94 1 10,642 Total 5 5 
 (1) In August 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 10.0 billion of the Company s common stock. In February 2023, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. In February 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional 10.0 billion in repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program for an aggregate total authorization of 30.0 billion. The Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the Share Repurchase Program, shares of common stock may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as part of accelerated share repurchases and other methods. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. All repurchases disclosed in the table were made pursuant to the publicly announced Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K), except as follows. , , , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain conditions, through (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier). , , P , a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain conditions, through (or the date all shares are sold under the arrangement, if earlier). 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Index to Exhibits Exhibit No. Provided Herewith Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form SEC File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Salesforce, Inc. 
 8-K 001-32224 3.2 7/1/2024 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Salesforce, Inc. 
 8-K 001-32224 3.1 12/16/2022 10.1 Tenyx, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-282514 4.3 10/4/2024 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2024, by and among Salesforce, Inc., the lenders and issuing lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-32224 10.1 11/5/2024 10.3 Transition Agreement, dated August 28, 2024, between Salesforce, Inc. and Amy Weaver 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: December 3, 2024 Salesforce, Inc. By: /s/ A MY W EAVER 
 Amy Weaver President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: December 3, 2024 Salesforce, Inc. By: /s/ S UNDEEP R EDDY 
 Sundeep Reddy Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

73 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex103-weavertransitionagre.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.3 
 
 Execution Copy 

August 28, 2024 
 Amy Weaver c o Salesforce, Inc. 
 Re Transition Agreement 
 Dear Amy, 
 As we have discussed, you have advised the Company that you will retire from Salesforce, Inc. (the Company ), and your employment with the Company will end, on April 30, 2026 (except as otherwise provided in Sections II or III below) (the Separation Date ). In order to ensure an efficient and smooth transition of your duties, you and the Company have agreed that the Company will retain your services through the Separation Date (or such earlier date as provided in Section III below) (the Transition Period on the terms set forth in this letter agreement (the Agreement ). 
 I. Services 
 You and the Company agree that you shall continue to serve in that role of Chief Financial Officer until the earlier of (1) the date that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025 is filed, and (2) the date that a new Chief Financial Officer commences in the role with the Company (the first to occur of clause (1) and clause (2), the Transition Date ). For the portion of the Transition Period following the Transition Date, you shall have the title of Special Advisor to the CEO. 
 During the Transition Period and subject to the details and limitations contained in Attachment A , you will continue to be employed by the Company and will perform such duties as reasonably directed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Operating Officer (the Services ), which may include (without limitation) working on matters relating to transactions, business function, and customer-related matters. On and after the Transition Date, you also will reasonably assist in the transition of your duties to the Company s new Chief Financial Officer. You agree that you will not be employed by or provide services to any other person or entity during the Transition Period, except as specifically permitted by this Agreement, recognizing that such activity not permitted by this Agreement shall terminate the Transition Period as set forth below. 
 You agree that you will continue to be employed on a full-time basis from the date of this Agreement through the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025 (such period, the Initial Service Period and thereafter will be reasonably available to the Company during the portion of the Transition Period following the Transition Date in accordance with the details and limitations contained in Attachment A . During the Transition Period you may (i) serve on the board of directors or similar governing body of other business entities and (ii) engage in other outside activities provided , however , that any board 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 2 of 16 

service or activities that (A) create a possible conflict with the Company, (B) are related in any way to the Company s business, or (C) are part-time services for compensation (other than board service in the case of this clause (C)) must be approved in writing by the Company s Chief Legal Officer, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. In addition, any employment or full-time services for compensation with any other person or entity during the Transition Period shall be prohibited, and the Transition Period shall automatically terminate upon your commencement of such employment or other full-time service. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you may continue to engage in the current for-profit and not-for-profit board of directors activities set forth on Attachment B during the Transition Period, and during the portion of the Transition Period following the Transition Date, you may engage, without Company approval, in services as a director of any person or entity (whether or not for compensation) provided such service neither creates a possible conflict nor relates to the Company s business. 
 II. Compensation during the Transition Period 
 During the Transition Period, you shall continue to receive a base salary, in accordance with the Company s payroll procedures (the Base Salary ). Your Base Salary during the Transition Period shall be calculated as follows (i) during the Initial Service Period, your Base Salary will be equal to your salary as in effect immediately prior to the date hereof i.e. , rate of 1,050,000 per year) and (ii) following the Initial Service Period, your Base Salary shall be paid at the rate of 75,000 per annum. You also will continue to vest in your currently outstanding equity awards of the Company during the Transition Period, subject to the terms of the applicable Company equity plan and your equity award agreements. The Company expects that performance will be certified, and vesting of the Company performance-based restricted stock units corresponding to the performance period ending on January 31, 2026 will occur, on or prior to the Separation Date (provided if such certification occurs on a date after April 30, 2026, then the Separation Date will be automatically extended so as to occur on the first business day following the date of such certification). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, your provision of Services and agreed-upon continued employment with the Company under this Agreement are sufficient to meet any and all employment, service provider or similar criteria in such equity plan and award agreements. Any equity awards that have not vested as of the end of the Transition Period shall be permanently forfeited. In all other respects, the exercise of your vested options and the other terms of your outstanding equity awards shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable Company equity plan and equity award agreements. You will not be eligible for grants of Company equity awards after the date of this Agreement. 
 During the Transition Period, you shall remain subject to the Company s Insider Trading Policy, including provisions that require certain persons to preclear transactions in Company securities and limit trading to open window periods, subject to certain exceptions. As of the Transition Date, you will no longer be considered an officer, and your obligations regarding your Company equity shall change accordingly and the Company will provide you information regarding the implications of that status change. Additionally, you confirm that, as of the date 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 3 of 16 

hereof and to your knowledge, you are not aware of any reason why you would not be able to sign the Q2 FY25 10-Q and make the applicable Q2 FY25 10-Q certifications. You also confirm that, as of the date hereof and to your knowledge, you are not aware of any reason why, were you to remain Chief Financial Officer through the date of filing thereof, you would not be able to sign and make the applicable Q3 FY25 10-Q certifications and FY25 10-K certifications. 
 Finally, you agree that, if you cease serving as Chief Financial Officer before the filing of the Q3 FY 25 10-Q and or the FY25 10-K, you will inform the Company promptly (1) if at any time before the filing of the Q3 FY25 10-Q you become aware of any reason why you would not have been able to sign and make the applicable Q3 FY25 10-Q certifications or (2) if at any time before the filing of the FY25 10-K you become aware of any reason why, had you remained Chief Financial Officer as of the filing of the FY25 10-K, you would not have been able to sign and make the applicable 10-K certifications. 
 During the Initial Service Period, you also will continue to be eligible to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans to the extent permitted by applicable plan terms and Company policy. Following the Initial Service Period, through the end of the Transition Period you shall continue to be eligible to participate only in the Company s health and welfare plans. Following the end of the Transition Period, you will be eligible to elect COBRA health continuation coverage. If you timely elect COBRA coverage and subject to your execution and non-revocation of the Supplemental Release attached as Attachment C , the Company will pay 12 months of all applicable COBRA-related expenses, including both the employer and employee portions of the premiums, on a monthly basis. Thereafter, you will be solely responsible for timely payment of all remaining COBRA premiums for the duration of COBRA coverage (if any). 
 In addition, subject to your compliance with the terms hereof, you shall receive payment of your fiscal year 2025 Annual Performance Bonus in April 2025, applying a 100 individual multiplier, the same corporate multiplier applicable to other executive officers of the Company, and otherwise calculated at the same rate as other executive officers of the Company, and payable in the normal course, less amounts related to such bonus program previously paid (the FY 2025 Bonus ). The Company acknowledges that your target Annual Performance Bonus for Fiscal Year 2025 equals 150 of your Fiscal Year 2025 base salary. You will not be eligible for the fiscal year 2026 Annual Performance Bonus (the FY 2026 Bonus or any portion thereof. 
 The Company will also reimburse you for the reasonable cost of a laptop and cellular telephone should you choose to make such purchase for your personal use after your Separation Date, and the Company will reasonably cooperate in transferring your phone numbers and billing to you if in the Company s name. 
 III. Early Termination of Transition Period 
 The Transition Period shall terminate prior to the Separation Date in the following circumstances 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 4 of 16 

A. Termination by the Company 
 The Company may terminate the Transition Period prior to the Separation Date only for Cause, as defined below, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, for any other reason. In the event the Company terminates the Transition Period for Cause, your equity awards shall stop vesting upon such termination and shall be forfeited to the extent unvested, and you shall only receive the accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination. In such event, you also will not receive a FY 2025 Bonus to the extent not previously paid. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means any one of the following (i) a material act of dishonesty made by you in connection with your responsibilities to the Company (ii) your conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude (iii) your gross misconduct in connection with the performance of your duties to the Company (iv) your unauthorized use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom you owe an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of your relationship with the Company (v) your willful and material breach of any obligations under any written agreement with the Company or (vi) your continued willful failure to perform your employment duties hereunder, provided , however , that in the case of (iii), (v) and (vi) Cause will only be deemed to exist in the event that you have failed to cure (if curable) such misconduct, breach or failure within fifteen (15) days following written notice by the Company. The failure to achieve performance or strategic targets, goals or initiatives shall not be the sole basis for a determination of the existence of Cause. 
 B. Termination by You 
 You may terminate the Transition Period for any reason prior to the Separation Date upon ten (10) days written notice. In addition, the Transition Period shall automatically terminate upon your commencement of any employment or other full time service for compensation with any other person or entity (and you shall notify the Company in writing promptly following accepting any such employment or service) unless such employment or service has been previously authorized by the Company as provided in Section I. Upon any such termination, your equity awards shall stop vesting, and you shall only receive the accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination and remaining unpaid FY 2025 Bonus at target (subject to the provisions of Section II). In the event of your death or disability, you or your heirs, as applicable, shall receive the remaining Base Salary payable to you through the Separation Date and the remaining unpaid FY 2025 Bonus at target (if unpaid). 
 C. Resignation from Officer Positions 
 Effective on the date that the Transition Period and your employment with the Company ends for any reason, you hereby resign from any and all positions you hold with the Company and any of its subsidiaries. You agree to take any additional actions and to execute any additional documentation reasonably required in order to effectuate the resignations described in the immediately preceding sentence. 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 5 of 16 

IV. Proprietary Rights Agreement 
 By signing this Agreement, you reaffirm and agree to observe, abide by and be bound by the terms of the Employee Inventions and Proprietary Rights Assignment Agreement that you signed with the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement ). This includes, without limitation, the provisions therein regarding nondisclosure of the Company s confidential and proprietary information and non-solicitation of Company employees. You also agree that no later than promptly following your last day of employment hereunder, you will make a reasonable and good faith effort to search for and return all documents and other items provided to you by the Company, developed or obtained by you in connection with your service with the Company, or otherwise belonging to the Company (other than de minimis items). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall be permitted to retain your personal correspondence and all information reasonably necessary for you to prepare your personal tax returns. Notwithstanding any other provision herein or in any other agreement, you shall not be held liable under this Agreement, any other agreement, or any federal or state trade secret law for making a confidential disclosure of a Company trade secret or other confidential information to a government official or an attorney for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or regulation, or in a court filing under seal. 
 V. Non-Disparagement 
 You agree to refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of the Company and all Section 16 officers of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude any party from making truthful statements that are reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation or legal process (including in connection with the last sentence of Section IV), or to defend or enforce your or the Company s rights under this Agreement or any other agreement between you and the Company, or to rebut any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of you by the Company or any of its Section 16 officers. 
 VI. Release 
 By signing this Agreement, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of your heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby and forever release the Company and its current and former officers, directors, employees, agents, investors, attorneys, shareholders, administrators, affiliates, benefit plans, plan administrators, insurers, trustees, divisions, and subsidiaries, and predecessor and successor corporations and assigns (collectively, the Releasees from, and agree not to sue concerning, or in any manner to institute, prosecute, or pursue, any claim, complaint, charge, duty, obligation, demand, or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that you may possess against any of the Releasees arising from any omissions, acts, facts, or damages that have occurred up until and including the date of your signing of this Agreement relating to or arising from your employment relationship with the Company and the termination of that relationship, including, without limitation 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 6 of 16 

a. any and all claims relating to, or arising from, your right to purchase, or actual purchase of shares of stock of the Company, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not affect your right to continued vesting under Section II above 
 b. any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment termination in violation of public policy discrimination harassment retaliation breach of contract, both express and implied breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied promissory estoppel negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress fraud negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage unfair business practices defamation libel slander negligence personal injury assault battery invasion of privacy false imprisonment conversion and disability benefits 
 c. any and all claims for violation of any federal, state, or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Equal Pay Act the Fair Labor Standards Act the Fair Credit Reporting Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act the Family and Medical Leave Act the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 the Immigration Control and Reform Act the California Family Rights Act the California Labor Code the California Fair Employment and Housing Act the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act 
 d. any and all claims for violation of the federal or any state constitution 
 e. any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination 
 f. any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds received by you as a result of this Agreement and 
 g. any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 You agree that the release set forth in this section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section. Notwithstanding any term in this Agreement, this release does not extend to any obligations or rights incurred under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any term in this Agreement, this release does not release claims or rights that cannot be released as a matter of law, including, but not limited to, your right to file a charge with, participate in an investigation by, provide information to, or otherwise assist the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 7 of 16 

to enforce or administer laws related to employment, against the Company (with the understanding that any such filing or participation does not give you the right to recover any monetary damages from the Company your release of claims herein bars you from recovering such monetary relief from the Company). Notwithstanding any other term in this Agreement, nothing herein shall constitute a release of your right to the broadest indemnification possible under any indemnification agreement with the Company and the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as in effect from time to time, including but not limited to your Indemnification Agreement with the Company dated September 10, 2015 Indemnification Agreement or any other applicable agreement, directors and officers liability coverage, insurance policies, by-laws, or under applicable law, including the California Labor Code. Notwithstanding any other term in this Agreement, this release does not release claims or your right to receive benefits required to be provided in accordance with applicable law, including without limitation, continued health coverage under COBRA in and to your Company equity including your RSUs, PRSUs, and options, including, without limitation, your right to vest during the term of your employment, receive delivery of, exercise, hold and sell your Company equity (subject to the terms of the documents and plans governing such equity) arising after the date you execute this Agreement. In addition, nothing herein shall waive your right to receive any whistleblower award. 
 You acknowledge that you have been advised to consult with legal counsel and are familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code Section 1542, a statute that otherwise prohibits the release of unknown claims, which provides as follows 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 You, being aware of said code section, agree to expressly waive any rights you may have thereunder, as well as under any other statute or common law principles of similar effect. 
 You further represent that you have no lawsuits, claims, or actions pending in your name, or made on your behalf by any other person or entity, against the Company or any of the other Releasees, relating to claims which would otherwise be released under this Agreement. 
 You understand that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed and returned to the Company on the date hereof or within 21 days thereafter. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after its execution (the Effective Date by you, provided that you have not revoked your acceptance by notifying Sabastian V. Niles at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 in writing or by email at svniles salesforce.com on or before the seventh (7th) day after its execution by you. 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 8 of 16 

You acknowledge that you are waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act OWBPA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. You agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA and OWBPA after the date of your execution of this Agreement. You acknowledge that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which you were already entitled. You further acknowledge that you have been advised by this writing that (a) you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement (b) you have twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (c) you have seven (7) days following your execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement (d) this Agreement shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so. In the event you sign this Agreement and return it to the Company in less than the 21-day period identified above, you hereby acknowledge that you have freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. 
 VII. Breach 
 You acknowledge and agree that any material breach of this Agreement, or of any provision of the Confidentiality Agreement, in each case, without cure (if curable) within fifteen (15) days following written notice by the Company of such breach, shall entitle the Company immediately to cease providing the consideration provided to you under this Agreement and to obtain damages, except as provided by law. 
 VIII. No Admission of Liability 
 You and the Company understand and acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes a compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by you and the Company. No action taken by the Company or you hereto, either previously or in connection with this Agreement, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company or you of any fault or liability whatsoever to you, the Company or to any third party. 
 IX. Costs 
 The parties shall each bear their own costs, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection with the preparation of this Agreement, provided that the Company will reimburse you for the legal expenses you incur in connection with the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement, subject to the provision of reasonable supporting documentation, such that you retain an amount, net of applicable tax withholdings, equal to the cost of such legal expenses, such net amount not to exceed 15,000. 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 9 of 16 

X. ARBITRATION 
 THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR RESULTING FROM THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEIR INTERPRETATION, AND ANY OF THE MATTERS HEREIN RELEASED, SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION IN THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, BEFORE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION & MEDIATION SERVICES JAMS ), PURSUANT TO ITS EMPLOYMENT ARBITRATION RULES & PROCEDURES JAMS RULES ). THE ARBITRATOR MAY GRANT INJUNCTIONS AND OTHER RELIEF IN SUCH DISPUTES. THE ARBITRATOR SHALL ADMINISTER AND CONDUCT ANY ARBITRATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, INCLUDING THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE, AND THE ARBITRATOR SHALL APPLY SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL CALIFORNIA LAW TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY CONFLICT-OF-LAW PROVISIONS OF ANY JURISDICTION. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE JAMS RULES CONFLICT WITH CALIFORNIA LAW, CALIFORNIA LAW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL, CONCLUSIVE, AND BINDING ON THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO ENFORCE THE ARBITRATION AWARD. THE PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION SHALL EACH PAY AN EQUAL SHARE OF THE COSTS AND EXPENSES OF SUCH ARBITRATION, AND EACH PARTY SHALL SEPARATELY PAY FOR ITS RESPECTIVE COUNSEL FEES AND EXPENSES. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THEM RESOLVED IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS SECTION WILL NOT PREVENT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONAL REMEDY) FROM ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES AND THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THEIR DISPUTE RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. SHOULD ANY PART OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN. 
 XI. Authority 
 The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have the capacity to act on your own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through you to bind you to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each party warrants and represents that there are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released herein. 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 10 of 16 

XII. No Representations 
 You represent that you have had an opportunity to consult with an attorney, and have carefully read and understand the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. You have not relied upon any representations or statements made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 
 XIII. Status Tax Withholdings 
 During the Transition Period, you will be considered an employee of the Company for purposes of applicable law and benefit plan purposes. All payments pursuant to this Agreement are subject to all applicable tax withholdings. 
 XIV. Severability 
 In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 
 XV. Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement and attachments represent the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and you concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and your employment with and separation from the Company, and the events leading thereto and associated therewith, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements and understandings concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and your relationship with the Company, with the exception of the agreements referenced in this Agreement, including but not limited to the Indemnification Agreement, under which you shall be treated as an executive officer of the Company through the end of the Transition Period, the Confidentiality Agreement and any applicable Company equity plan or equity award agreement. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, you acknowledge that you are not entitled to any severance or other termination benefits in connection with the termination of your employment as contemplated by this Agreement. 
 XVI. No Oral Modifications 
 This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by you and the Company s Chief Legal Officer. 
 XVII. Section 409A 
 It is intended that this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the final regulations and official guidance thereunder Section 409A and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply and or be exempt from Section 409A. Each payment and benefit to be paid or provided under this Agreement is intended to 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 11 of 16 

constitute a series of separate payments for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 The Company and you will work together in good faith to consider either (i) amendments to this Agreement, or (ii) revisions to this Agreement with respect to the payment of any awards, which are necessary or appropriate to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to the actual payment to you under Section 409A, provided that in making such amendments or revisions the Company and you shall reasonably attempt to maintain the original economic intent of the applicable provision without contravening the provisions of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent practicable. 
 XVIII. Governing Law 
 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to choice-of-law provisions. You consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State of California. 
 XIX. Counterparts 
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile, and each counterpart and facsimile shall have the same force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 
 XX. Voluntary Execution of Agreement 
 You understand and agree that you executed this Agreement voluntarily, without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company or any third party, with the full intent of releasing all of your claims against the Company and any of the other Releasees. 
 XXI. No Duty to Mitigate 
 You shall have no duty to mitigate any breach of this Agreement by the Company and, except as expressly provided herein, any amounts due under this Agreement shall not be reduced by compensation received from subsequent employment. 
 The remainder of this page is blank 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 12 of 16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below. 
 Amy Weaver, an individual 
 Dated 8 28 24 By s Amy E. Weaver 
 
 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Dated 8 28 24 By s Sabastian V. Niles 
 Name Sabastian V. Niles Title President and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Transition Agreement 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 13 of 16 

ATTACHMENT A SERVICES AND RESTRICTIONS 
 The Services as reasonably directed by the Chief Executive Officer may include, without limitation, assisting in the transition of your duties, working on transaction integration and mergers and acquisitions activity, customer-related matters, and transformation- related matters provided, however, that you shall not be required to provide Services in excess of 30 hours per week and provided further that you shall not be required to travel outside of the San Francisco Bay Area in connection with the performance of the Services except as mutually agreed between you and the Company. 
 After the Transition Date, you shall continue to have Workday access for your own personal information only and email, Slack, and calendar access on the Company s system, and no access to any of the Company s other systems. For the avoidance of doubt, you agree to use your Company email only for Company-related purposes during the Transition Period. In addition, you agree that you will attend any offsite or senior management meetings of the Company following the Transition Date only if requested to do so by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 14 of 16 

ATTACHMENT B CURRENT BOARD MEMBERSHIP 
 
 McDonald s 
 Habitat for Humanity 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 15 of 16 

ATTACHMENT C SUPPLEMENTAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 This Supplemental Release of Claims Supplemental Release is made by and between Amy Weaver Employee and Salesforce, Inc. (the Company (collectively referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party ). 
 In consideration for the mutual promises and consideration provided both herein and in the Letter Agreement between the Employee and the Company dated as of August 28, 2024 (the Letter Agreement ), Employee hereby extends the waiver and release of the Releasees in the Letter Agreement to any claims that may have arisen on or prior to the date of Employee s signing of this Supplemental Release. 
 The undersigned parties further acknowledge that the terms of the Letter Agreement shall apply to this Supplemental Release and are incorporated herein. 
 Employee understands that this Supplemental Release shall be null and void if not executed and returned to the Company on Employee s date of termination of employment or within 21 days thereafter. This Supplemental Release will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after its execution (the Supplemental Release Effective Date by the Employee, provided that Employee has not revoked Employee s acceptance by notifying Sabastian V. Niles at Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 in writing or by email at svniles salesforce.com on or before the seventh (7th) day after its execution by Employee. Following the Supplemental Release Effective Date, the Company will provide Employee the benefits described in, and subject to the terms of, Section II of the Letter Agreement. 
 Employee acknowledges, in addition to extending the waiver and release of all of the claims set forth in the Letter Agreement, he is again waiving and releasing any rights he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act OWBPA ), and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. Employee agrees that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA and OWBPA after the date of Employee s execution of this Supplemental Release. Employee acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which Employee was already entitled. 
 Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that (a) he should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Supplemental Release (b) he has twenty- one (21) days within which to consider this Supplemental Release (c) he has seven (7) days following Employee s execution of this Supplemental Release to revoke this Supplemental Release (d) this Supplemental Release shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired and (e) nothing in this Supplemental Release prevents or precludes Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so. In the event Employee signs this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 21-day period 

Amy Weaver 
 August 28, 2024 
 Page 16 of 16 

identified above, Employee hereby acknowledges that he has freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Supplemental Release. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Supplemental Release on the respective dates set forth below. 
 Amy Weaver, an individual 
 Dated By 
 
 Salesforce, Inc. 
 Dated By 
 Name Title 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311-ceocertq3fy25.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Marc Benioff, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 December 3, 2024 s MARC BENIOFF 
 Marc Benioff Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312-cfocertq3fy25.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Amy Weaver, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Salesforce, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 December 3, 2024 s AMY WEAVER 
 Amy Weaver President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321-soxcertsq3fy25.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Based on my knowledge, I, Marc Benioff, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Salesforce, Inc. December 3, 2024 s MARC BENIOFF 
 Marc Benioff Chair of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Based on my knowledge, I, Amy Weaver, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report of Salesforce, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Salesforce, Inc. 
 December 3, 2024 s AMY WEAVER 
 Amy Weaver President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 crm-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 crm-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 crm-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 crm-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 crm-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

