<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-Q_edgar_data_1165320_0001437749-24-036322.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4773831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82998</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>830687</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1303788</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1241930</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1225805</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-036322.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127134502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-036322
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GB SCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001165320
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				593733133
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55462
		FILM NUMBER:		241509460

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6450 CAMERON STREET #110A
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(844) 843-2569

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6450 CAMERON STREET #110A
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Growblox Sciences, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Signature Exploration & Production Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diabetic Treatment Centers of America, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040812

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-036322.txt : 20241127

10-Q
 1
 gblx20240630_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

gblx20240630_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 GB SCIENCES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer I.D. No.) 

, 
 Phone: ) 
 (Address and telephone number of 
 principal executive offices) 
 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 None N/A N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 There were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of November 27, 2024. 

1

GB SCIENCES, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 

INDEX 

Page 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 27 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 27 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 27 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 27 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

ITEM 5. Other Information 
 27 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 27 

2

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, March 31, 
 2024 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 CURRENT ASSETS: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accounts payable - related party 
 Accrued interest 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Notes and convertible notes payable 
 Income tax payable 
 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
 Convertible notes payable, non-current 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: 
 Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, 950,000,000 shares authorized, 407,071,028 and 406,071,028 outstanding at June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying unaudited condensed notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

3

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended June 30, 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Sales revenue 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Gross profit 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME 
 Interest expense 
 Other income (Note 7) 
 Loss on impairment of capitalized patent and trademark costs 
 Total other expense 
 LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 
 Income tax expense 
 NET LOSS 
 
 Deemed dividend 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 
 Net loss per common share basic and diluted 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying unaudited condensed notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

4

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 

Three months Ended June 30, 
 2024 2023 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net loss 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of debt discount and beneficial conversion feature 
 Loss on impairment of capitalized patent and trademark costs 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued interest 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Gross proceeds from warrant exercises 
 Proceeds from issuing convertible note 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

The accompanying unaudited condensed notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

5

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 (unaudited) 

Three months Ended June 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Cash paid for income tax 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 
 Deemed dividend 

The accompanying unaudited condensed notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

6

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) 
 For the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Unaudited) 

Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total 
 Balance at March 31, 2023 
 
 Stock issued for cash, net of offering costs 
 Share based compensation expense - 
 Net loss - 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total 
 Balance at March 31, 2024 
 
 Exercise of warrants 
 Warrant repricing - 
 Deemed dividend - 
 Net loss - 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 

The accompanying unaudited condensed notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements 

7

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 June 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

to . Effective August 15, 2019, Shareholders of the Company approved an increase in authorized capital shares from to . Effective March 09, 2023, Shareholders of the Company approved an increase in authorized capital shares from to . 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Intellectual Property Portfolio 
 
 In the past year, GBLX/GBSGB s foreign patents for plant-based treatments of serious disorders were allowed in different countries, expanding our patent protections as follows. On February 3, 2023, GB Sciences first foreign patent protecting its proprietary cannabinoid-based formulations for Parkinson s disease was issued in China. China is an increasingly important pharmaceutical market with cultural acceptance of plant-based formulations, which is a good fit for GB Sciences drug candidates. The global market for treatments of Parkinson s disease is projected to grow to 8.8 billion by the year 2026, and new therapies to address Parkinson s disease symptoms are greatly needed. The Chinese Patent was issued for GBSGB s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Parkinson s disease. On December 1, 2022, the Israeli (IL) Patent was allowed, protecting our Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). MCAS is a severe immunological condition in which mast cells inappropriately and excessively release inflammatory mediators, resulting in a range of severe chronic hyperinflammatory symptoms and life-threatening anaphylaxis attacks. On December 15, 2022, the Australian (AU) Patent was allowed, protecting the Company s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). On February 20, 2023, the Japanese (JP) Patent was allowed, protecting the Company s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). Additionally, on March 9, 2023, the Notice of Allowance was received for the Company s U.S. Patent Application No. 16/878,295. This Notice of Allowance protects the use of the Company s Myrcene-Containing Complex Mixtures in the treatment of cardiac hypertrophy, overactive bladder, and refractory chronic cough. On April 25, 2023, the Japanese patent was also issued for the use of GBSGB s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures in the treatment of Parkinson s disease. 
 
 In 2021, our growing intellectual property portfolio was augmented with additional patent-protections for our PhAROS drug discovery platform that were filed in July of 2021 and in October of 2021. The Company, through GBSGB, also filed for protection of new PhAROS discovered, non-cannabis formulations in July of 2021. In September of 2021, the Company filed a patent application for the Company s improved DCR-MEM formulations for our PD therapeutic program. These new patent applications expanded upon the solid foundation of intellectual property developed over the past six years. 

In 2020, the three patents which protect formulations for the Company s lead therapeutic programs were issued by the USPTO. The issuance of U.S. Patent No. 10,653,640 entitled "Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases" on May 19, 2020 protects methods of using GBSGB s proprietary cannabinoid-containing complex mixtures (CCCM for treating Parkinson s Disease. This was an important milestone in the development of these vitally important therapies and validates GBSGB s drug discovery platform. In the US alone, the combined direct and indirect costs associated with Parkinson s disease are estimated at 52 billion, and new therapies to address Parkinson s disease symptoms are greatly needed. This was also the first time that a US patent has been awarded for a cannabis-based complex mixture defined using this type of drug discovery method. The first US patent for PD therapies validated our drug discovery platform and strengthened our intellectual property portfolio of unique CCCM s , each targeting one of up to 60 specific clinical applications. 
 
 The issuance of the Company s second and third US patents for active pharmaceutical ingredients that are complex mixtures identified by our biotech platform further confirmed that the Company s pharmaceutical compositions can be patent protected for use as biopharmaceutical and nutraceutical products. The US Patent entitled Myrcene-Containing Complex Mixtures Targeting TRPV1 protects methods of using our proprietary MEMs for the treatment of pain disorders related to arthritis, shingles, irritable bowel syndrome, sickle cell disease, and endometriosis. In the US alone, chronic pain represents an estimated health burden of between 560 and 650 billion dollars, and an estimated 20.4 of U.S. adults suffer from chronic pain that significantly decreases their quality of life. Despite the widespread rates of addiction and death, opioids remain the standard of care treatment for most people with chronic pain. The Company believes that it is important to create safer, less addictive alternatives to opioids for the treatment of chronic pain disorders, like GBSGB s myrcene-containing MEMs. 
 
 The Company's third issued US Patent entitled "Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the Treatment of Mast-Cell-Associated or Basophil-Mediated Inflammatory Disorders" protects methods of using the Company s proprietary MEMs for treating Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). MCAS is a severe immunological condition in which mast cells inappropriately and excessively release inflammatory mediators, resulting in a range of severe chronic hyperinflammatory symptoms and life-threatening anaphylaxis attacks. Receiving this patent for the treatment of MCAS using our MEMs is an important milestone in the development of this urgently needed medicine. There is no single recommended treatment for MCAS patients. Instead, they attempt to manage MCAS symptoms primarily by avoiding triggers and using rescue medicines for their severe hyperinflammatory attacks. Therefore, MCAS patients need new therapeutic options to control their mast cell related symptoms, and our MEMs were designed to simultaneously control multiple inflammatory pathways within mast cells as a comprehensive treatment option. The Company is strategically targeting MCAS for two additional reasons. By focusing on a rare disease with no known cure, our company can apply for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s expedited approval process, which allows clinically successful treatments to get to market both quicker and more cost effectively. Gaining approval from the US FDA for the entire anti-inflammatory market would be extremely time consuming and cost prohibitive. Demonstrating that our MEMs are safe for the treatment of MCAS would favorably position our Company for clinical testing of these MEMs as potential treatments for other related inflammatory disorders, such as inflammatory bowel disease, thereby widening the target market and drastically shortening the development cycle and costs. 
 
 The Company s fourth US Patent was issued on March 1, 2022 for a cannabinoid-containing mixture designed to treat cardiac hypertrophy, often present in advanced heart disease. GB Sciences newly issued patent also covers the use of these receptor-targeted formulations for the treatment of TRPV1 -receptor associated hearing loss and urinary cystitis. Despite multiple categories of prescription heart medications on the market, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States for people of most racial and ethnic groups. Alternative therapeutic approaches are still needed, especially for the treatment of advanced heart disease. 
 
 Licensing Agreement 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company entered into a mutually beneficial licensing agreement with EndoPure Life Sciences, LLC EndoPure ). EndoPure will pay to license certain intellectual property IP rights from within the intellectual property portfolio of GB Sciences. Under this IP licensing agreement, EndoPure will develop, manufacture, and market pharmaceutical products that are protected within GB Sciences IP portfolio. 
 
 GB Sciences will contribute the following to the intellectual property license: 
 
 1. Intellectual property protecting proprietary formulations for the treatment of neurological disorders, including, but not limited to, Parkinson s disease, Alzheimer s disease, Huntington s disease, dementia, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, and autism. 
 
 2. An exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and sell these treatments for neurological disorders in Brazil. 
 
 3. An exclusive license for EndoPure to develop, manufacture, and sell specifically-approved treatments in South America to be granted after EndoPure has successfully obtained regulatory approvals to market the products in Brazil. 

In consideration of this intellectual property license, EndoPure will pay the following: 
 
 1. A royalty equal to of gross sales of any product developed and manufactured pursuant to the IP license agreement in the agreed upon territories. 
 
 2. An annual pre-paid minimum royalty of per product for three years. This amount will offset royalty payments otherwise due on this product starting after EndoPure has achieved market approval for at least one of these licensed formulas in Brazil. 
 
 3. An upfront payment of approximately USD disbursed directly to Catalent Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Catalent ), which is related to the development and contract manufacturing of these licensed products within Catalent s proprietary Zydis orally dissolving tablet ODT dosage format. 
 
 4. A consulting fee of per month as compensation for the assistance of Dr. Andrea Small-Howard in the planning and execution of clinical development for these products. 

. The Company has recorded an impairment of its capitalized patent costs based on the relevant facts and circumstances that existed as of March 31, 2023 in accordance with ASC 350 - 30 - 35. Due to liquidity constraints the Company deemed that the likelihood of realizing value from previously capitalized patent costs was questionable, as a result the associated patents were impaired. 
 
 At June 30, 2024, the Company s intellectual property portfolio, which is held by GBSGB, contains eight U.S. and twelve foreign patents issued, two foreign patents allowed, as well as fifteen U.S. and forty-one foreign patent-pending applications. The patents owned by the Company expire between January 2038 and May 2039. Amortization expense for the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. The carrying amount of definite-lived intangible assets was at June 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 There were United States patent applications that are pending as of June 30, 2023, and the corresponding patent assets are treated as indefinite-lived intangible assets. There were international patents pending at June 30, 2023. The carrying amount of the indefinite-lived patent assets was at June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

and potentially dilutive common shares including convertible debt, stock options and warrants at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Such common stock equivalents were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

at June 30, 2024. The Company had a working capital deficit of at June 30, 2024, compared to a deficit of at June 30, 2023. In addition, the Company has consumed cash in its operating activities of for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to used in operating activities for the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 Management has been able, thus far, to finance the losses through debt financing, a public offering, private placements and obtaining operating funds from stockholders. The Company is continuing to seek sources of financing. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in achieving its goals. 
 
 In view of these conditions, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain additional financing or capital sources, to meet its financing requirements, and ultimately to achieve profitable operations. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date of these financial statements were made available. Management believes that its current and future plans provide an opportunity to continue as a going concern. The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may be necessary in the event the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

6 Convertible promissory notes payable 
 6 Convertible notes payable due January 18, 2022 
 6 Convertible note payable due July 1, 2022 (Note 6) 
 6 Convertible promissory notes payable due September 30, 2023 
 6 Convertible note payable due December 31, 2023 
 Total short-term notes and convertible notes payable 
 6 Convertible note payable due June 29, 2026 
 6 Convertible note payable due July 10, 2026 
 6 Convertible notes payable due January-February 2027 
 Total notes and convertible notes payable 

6 Convertible promissory notes payable 
 6 Convertible notes payable due January 18, 2022 
 6 Convertible note payable due July 1, 2022 (Note 6) 
 6 Convertible promissory notes payable due September 30, 2023 
 6 Convertible note payable due December 31, 2023 
 Total short-term notes and convertible notes payable 
 6 Convertible note payable due June 29, 2026 
 6 Convertible note payable due July 10, 2026 
 6 Convertible notes payable due January-February 2027 
 Total notes and convertible notes payable 

0 Note Payable dated October 23, 2017 
 
 On October 23, 2017, the Company amended the existing Nevada Medical Marijuana Production License Agreement Amended Production License Agreement ). Per the terms of the Amended Production License Agreement, GB Sciences purchased the remaining percentage of the production license resulting in ownership of the license. GB Sciences also received ownership of the cultivation license included in the original Nevada Medical Marijuana Production License Agreement. In exchange, GB Sciences made one -time payment of and issued a Promissory Note in the amount of payable in equal monthly payments over a three -year period commencing on January 1, 2018. The present value of the note was on the date of its issuance based on an imputed interest rate of and the Company recorded a discount on notes payable of related to the difference between the face value and present value of the note. 
 
 On August 10, 2020, the Company entered into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ("Nopah MIPA") for the sale of its interest in GB Sciences Nopah, LLC. The Nopah sale was closed December 31, 2021 after successful transfer of the Nevada Medical Marijuana Cultivation Facility Registration Certificate on December 14, 2021. At close, the principal balance of the note was reduced from to and accounts payable totaling to an affiliate of the purchaser were extinguished. 
 
 On March 4, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Promissory Note Modification Agreement, which reduced the total outstanding balance of principal and interest from (at the time of the agreement) to and modified the terms of the note to provide that the Company would make an immediate payment of , with monthly payments thereafter until the note is repaid in full. The modification also provided that the note would bear interest at per annum. The Company made a payment pursuant to the terms of the modification on March 4, 2022. This note is currently in default. 

At June 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the note was , and accrued interest was . The Company made payments during the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 March 2017 and July 2017 Convertible Note Offerings 
 
 In March 2017, the Company entered into a Placement Agent s Agreement with a third -party brokerage firm to offer units consisting of a promissory note convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at per share and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share for the period of three years. Between March 2017 and May 2017, the Company issued short-term Promissory Notes Notes to various holders with combined face value of . The Notes are payable within three years of issuance and are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also issued common stock warrants to the Noteholders. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. Each warrant gives the Noteholder the right to purchase share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share for a period of three years. The Company recorded an aggregate discount on convertible notes of , which included related to the relative fair value of beneficial conversion features and for the relative fair value of the warrants issued with each note. The fair value of warrants was derived using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 
 
 In July 2017, the Company entered into a Placement Agent s Agreement with a third -party brokerage firm to offer units consisting of a promissory note convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at per share and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share for the period of three years. Between July 2017 and December 2017, the Company issued short-term Promissory Notes Notes to various holders with combined face value of . The Notes are payable within three years of issuance and are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. The Company also issued common stock warrants to the Note holders. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the holder. Each warrant gives the Noteholder the right to purchase share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share for a period of three years. The Company recorded an aggregate discount on convertible notes of , which included related to the relative fair value of beneficial conversion features and for the relative fair value of the warrants issued with each note. The fair value of warrants was derived using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 
 
 All notes from the March and July 2017 offerings have passed their maturity dates. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company agreed to extensions with the holders of a total of of the that remained outstanding at the time. For the 197,000 of extended notes, the Company agreed to reduce the conversion price to per share and issued a total of additional warrants to the holders of the notes with a term of three years and an exercise price of per share. In exchange, the maturity date of the notes was extended to September 30, 2023. As of the date of this filing, these notes are still outstanding and are currently in default. Using the Black-Scholes model, the Company valued the warrants at and the change in the fair value of the conversion feature at . Because the change in the fair value of the conversion feature exceeded 10 of the carrying amount of the notes, the Company accounted for the modification of the notes as an extinguishment and recorded a discount on the new convertible notes of related to the fair value of the new warrants issued and the change in the fair value of the conversion feature. The Company recorded interest expense of and on the extended notes during the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued interest on the extended notes is and the remaining unamortized discount was at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Three convertible notes totaling were held by the same investor and in default. On January 20, 2022, the Company repaid of the principal balances owed to the investor, and one convertible note in the amount of remains outstanding plus accrued interest totaling . The Company intends to negotiate the terms of an extension of the remaining note and accrued interest with the noteholder. The notes do not provide for a default penalty or penalty interest rate. Interest expense for the outstanding note was and , respectively, for the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and no unamortized discount at June 30, 2024. 
 
 December 2020 700,000 6 Convertible Notes 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the Company began an offering of convertible notes for the purpose of funding a pre-clinical study of the Company's patent-pending Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Cytokine Release Syndromes, including Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, in COVID- 19 patients. The Company pledged the related intellectual property as security for the notes. The notes are convertible at a rate of per share at the lender's request. The Company previously issued in convertible notes under the offering to three investors. of the notes mature between January 31, 2021 and July 1, 2022, and mature in December 2023. These notes are currently in default. Payment of accrued interest and principal is due at maturity. The Company received cash of , net of brokerage fees, and recorded discounts on the convertible notes totaling related to the issuance costs. Notes totaling were issued with in-the-money conversion features, and the Company recorded beneficial conversion feature discounts totaling on the related notes. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received an additional related to the note offering and recorded a discount on convertible notes payable of related to issuance costs. The notes were initially convertible into the Common stock of the Company at .03 cents per share. On November 13, 2023 the Company reduced the conversion rate from .03 cents per share to .01 cent per share through December 31, 2023. The Company reviewed the reduction of the conversion price and deemed that it did not meet the criterion for debt extinguishment. As the conversion price of .03 per share and .01 per share were both out of the money, the Company deemed that there was no impact of the reduction of the conversion price. 

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company received an additional and related to the note offering with maturity dates of June 30, 2026 and July 10, 2026, respectively, and recorded no discount or beneficial conversion features. During the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, on the December 2020 6 Convertible Notes. Accrued interest on these notes is and the remaining unamortized discount was at June 30, 2024. 
 
 January 2024 247,000 6 Convertible Notes 
 
 From January 22, 2024 to February 7, 2024, the Company offered additional convertible notes to 13 investors for total proceeds of out of a total planned subscription of . The notes mature three years from the date the subscription price was paid. The notes are convertible at the discretion of the holder in part or in full at the conversion rate of per share. In addition, for any investors in these notes that hold warrants from previous transactions, those warrants shall have an exercise price of per share for a period of 90 days beginning on the date of the note. There was no discount recorded related to these notes. During the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. Accrued interest on these notes is at June 30, 2024. 

unexpired investor warrants from to . On May 16, 2024 the warrants were exercised and the Company recognized as a deemed dividend and in accordance with ASC 470, this amount was recorded through additional paid in capital and retained earnings as a deemed dividend. 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, there were expired warrants at an original exercise price of and expired warrants at an original exercise price of . 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company accepted the exercise of warrants at per share of common stock, for gross cash proceeds of . 
 
 Year ended March 31, 2024 
 
 Warrants 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company extended the expiration date and temporarily repriced unexpired investor warrants effective as of September 1, 2023. In addition, the Company reinstated previously expired warrants exercisable at per share and recognized as a deemed dividend related to the reissuance of these warrants and in accordance with ASC 470, this amount was recorded through additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit as a deemed dividend. 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2024, there were expired warrants at an original exercise price of , expired warrants at an original exercise price of , expired warrants at an original exercise price of , and expired warrants at an original exercise price of . 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company accepted the exercise of warrants at per share of common stock, for gross cash proceeds of , and recorded brokerage fees of . 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company repurchased common shares for . 

Warrants Outstanding 
 
 Presented below is a summary of the Company s warrant activity, exclusive of warrants held by employees, for the periods ended June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024: 

Warrants exercised 
 Warrants expired/cancelled 0.01 - 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2024 
 Warrants issued 
 Warrants exercised 
 Warrants expired/cancelled 0.10 - 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2024 

Employee Option Grants 
 
 A summary of employee option activity, including warrants issued to employees, as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and changes during the years then ended, is presented below: 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Expired 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2024 
 Fully vested and expected to vest at March 31, 2024 
 Exercisable at March 31, 2024 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 Expired 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2024 
 Fully vested and expected to vest at June 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at June 30, 2024 

The table below sets forth nonemployee option activity for the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 and changes during the years then ended, is presented below: 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at March 31, 2024 
 Exercisable at March 31, 2024 
 Granted 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at June 30, 2024 

Restricted stock awards 
 
 restricted stock awards were granted during the quarters ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

. Work on these projects will not commence until 2025, the Company has not accrued for these amounts. 

has been recorded in accounts payable related party, due to an entity controlled by a family member of Mr. John Poss, Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Amounts owing are for marketing services provided and have been recorded as a component of general and administrative expense. In addition, there was owed to Mr. Poss at June 30, 2024 for expenses incurred in connection with the business operations of the Company. 
 
 As of June 30, 2024, has been recorded in accounts payable related party, due to Dr. Andrea Small Howard, President and Director, related to amounts owed for expenses incurred in connection with the business operations of the Company. 
 
 As of June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, the Company owed and , respectively, for Related Party Accounts Payable. 

of its membership interests in GB Sciences Nevada, LLC, and GB Sciences Las Vegas, LLC (the "Teco Subsidiaries") for approximately million, which amount includes a cash payment at closing, the extinguishment and/or repayments of certain liabilities owed to the purchaser and affiliates of the purchaser, and an promissory note. 
 
 On August 10, 2020, the Company entered into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ("Nopah MIPA") and Promissory Note Modification Agreement with 483 Management, LLC. Pursuant to the Nopah MIPA, the Company agreed to sell its membership interest in GB Sciences Nopah, LLC ("Nopah"), which holds a Nevada medical marijuana cultivation certificate. As consideration, the Company would receive in consideration in the form of a reduction to the outstanding principal and accrued interest balances of the Note payable dated October 23, 2017 Note 5 ), and extinguishment of accounts payable of , which were owed to an affiliate of the purchaser. 

The closing of the Teco and Nopah sales was contingent upon the successful transfer of the Nevada cultivation and production licenses. On December 14, 2021, the Company received approval from the Nevada Cannabis Compliance Board for the transfer of cannabis cultivation and extraction licenses held by its subsidiaries GB Sciences Nevada, LLC, GB Sciences Las Vegas, LLC, and GB Sciences Nopah, LLC (the "Nevada Subsidiaries"). Consequently, all conditions to closing the sales of the membership interests in the Nevada Subsidiaries were satisfied, and the transactions formally closed on December 31, 2021. After the closing date, the Company retains ownership interest in the Nevada Subsidiaries. 
 
 As consideration for the membership interests, the Company received cash payments of (including in advance payments received during the nine months ended December 31, 2021), the extinguishment of debt and current liabilities owed to affiliates of the purchaser and a note receivable. 
 
 The note receivable from the sale of the Teco Subsidiaries was initially payable as quarterly, interest only payments of for the first year, followed by quarterly payments of interest and principal of beginning March 31, 2023, with a final payment of principal and interest totaling on December 31, 2024. 
 
 The note contains a provision that allows payments of principal and interest due prior to the maturity date to be postponed to the next quarterly payment date if cash flow from the operations of the facility is insufficient to cover the amount of the payment. Several days prior to the first interest payment due date of April 1, 2022, AJE Management, LLC notified the Company that it would be postponing the payment of interest of due on April 1, 2022 due to insufficient cash flow to make the payment. AJE Management, LLC has also notified us that it was unable to make the interest payment due July 1, 2022 due to insufficient cash flow. As a result, the Company reevaluated the factors relating to the collectability of the note and determined that an impairment charge in the amount of , equal to the full balance of the note, was warranted as there is substantial uncertainty around the collectability of the note, and we are unable to make an appropriate estimate of the amount of payments, if any, the Company will ultimately receive. The impairment charge was included on the Company's Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as loss on impairment of note receivable. 
 
 On March 27, 2023, the Company and AJE Management entered into agreement whereby a payment in the amount paid on or about the date of the agreement initial principal payment shall have been deemed to reduce the principal amount of the note by an additional . The amount of was recorded in Other Income on the Statement of Operations. 
 
 Further in connection with the execution of the March 27, 2023 agreement all parties to the note agreed that after the initial principal payment, additional payments made on or prior to September 30, 2023, shall reduce the amounts outstanding under the note such that for each paid to Payee, (i) the principal amount of the Note shall be reduced by , and (ii) Maker shall be deemed to have repaid all interest that has accrued on such principal amount from the date of the Note to the date of such payment. For purpose of clarity, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed, that the payment of the Initial Principal Payment together with additional payments in the aggregate amount of , made by Maker to Payee on or prior to September 30, 2023, shall satisfy all of Maker s obligations under the Note. To the extent any amounts remain outstanding under the Note after September 30, 2023, all payments made by Maker to Payee under the Note following September 30, 2023 shall be applied to repay the Note in accordance with its terms without regard to this Agreement. 

through the issuance of a convertible notes payable. The note bears interest at per annum and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at per share, The note matures November 2027 . 

GB SCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 June 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 
 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts or continue , which list is not meant to be all-inclusive, and other such negative terms and comparable technology. These forward-looking statements, include, without limitation, statements about market opportunity, strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue business our plan, and the adequacy of available cash reserves. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include among other things: 
 
 (i) product demand, market and customer acceptance of any or all of the Company s products, equipment and other goods, 
 (ii) ability to obtain financing to expand its operations, 
 (iii) ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, 
 (iv) the results, cost and timing of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including any delays to such clinical trials relating to enrollment or site initiation, as well as the number of required trials for regulatory approval and the criteria for success in such trials, 
 (v) our dependence on third parties in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, 
 (vi) legal and regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries, including any actions or advice that may affect the design, initiation, timing, continuation, progress or outcome of clinical trials or result in the need for additional clinical trials, 
 (vii) the results of our preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of future results and we may not have favorable results in our ongoing or planned clinical trials, 
 (viii) the difficulties and expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates, and the indication and labeling under any such approval, 
 (ix) our plans and ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, 
 (x) successful development of our commercialization capabilities, including sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators, 
 (xi) the size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates, the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets, 
 (xii) the success of competing therapies and products that are or become available, 
 (xiii) our ability to limit our exposure under product liability lawsuits, shareholder class action lawsuits or other litigation, 
 (xiv) our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates, 
 (xv) our ability to obtain and maintain third-party manufacturing for our product candidates on commercially reasonable terms, 
 (xvi) delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of our product candidates, 
 (xvii) the performance of third parties upon which we depend, including third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, contractor laboratories and independent contractors, 
 (xviii) the timing and outcome of current and future legal proceedings, 
 (xix) our ability to maintain proper functionality and security of our internal computer and information systems and prevent or avoid cyberattacks, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy or other significant disruption, 
 (xx) the adequacy of capital reserves and liquidity including, but not limited to, access to additional borrowing capacity, 
 (xxi) the extent to which health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could disrupt our operations or materially and adversely affect our business and financial conditions, and 
 (xxii) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, unexpected natural disasters, and other factors, which we have little or no control: and any other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
 
 The following discussion highlights the Company s results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition, as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis is based on the Company s unaudited financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report, which we have prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

19

Executive Overview 
 
 GB Sciences, Inc. the Company , GB Sciences , we , us , or our is a plant-inspired, biopharmaceutical research and development company creating patented, disease-targeted formulations of cannabis- and other plant-inspired therapeutic mixtures for the prescription drug market through its wholly owned Canadian subsidiary, GbS Global Biopharma, Inc. GBSGB ). 
 
 Through GBSGB, the Company is engaged in the research and development of plant-inspired medicines, with virtual operations in North America and Europe. GBSGB s assets include a portfolio of intellectual property containing both proprietary plant-inspired formulations and our AI-enabled drug discovery platform, as well as critical research contracts and key supplier arrangements. The Company s intellectual property portfolio, which is held by GBSGB, contains eight U.S. and twelve foreign patents issued, two foreign patents allowed, as well as fifteen U.S. and forty-one foreign patent-pending applications. 
 
 The Company s intellectual property covers a range of over 65 medical conditions, from which five drug development programs are in the preclinical stage of drug development including our formulations for Parkinson s disease ("PD"), chronic pain, cytokine release syndrome, stress/anxiety/depression, and cardiovascular therapeutic programs. The primary focus for the development of the Company s lead program this year has been in evaluating suitable development partners that will assist us in preparing its cannabinoid-based formulas for the treatment of the motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease for a first-in-human clinical trial. Talks with multiple potential licensing partners are ongoing and remain promising to help support the development of our Parkinson s disease therapy. Depending on the results of ongoing preclinical studies for our other therapy programs, the Company intends to move our drug development forward towards clinical trials for its proprietary treatments for chronic pain, stress/anxiety, and cytokine release syndrome therapies after PD. 
 
 In the period from March 30, 2023 to now, the Company received positive results from five different preclinical trials. These important studies support the viability of its novel therapeutic programs. In July of 2023, the Company announced that they have successfully completed a dose response study in rodents at the University of Lethbridge that supports the Company s cannabinoid-based therapy for Parkinson s disease. The study has established dose ranges and the corresponding times to onset and duration of action in a rodent model, which helps to establish the correct dosing of the Company s cannabinoid-containing Parkinson s formulations for a first-in-human trial. In addition to the dosage range findings, this study demonstrated that the Company s Parkinson s disease formulations were well tolerated, and there were no adverse effects. As the second most common neurodegenerative disease, the market for Parkinson s disease (PD) treatments is expected to grow to 12.8 billion by 2028. 
 
 During the period from March 30, 2023 to now, the Company s formulations for chronic pain, anxiety and depression have been evaluated in preclinical animal studies with researchers at the National Research Council (NRC) Canada. Drug candidates originally identified by PhAROS have now been validated in these preclinical animal studies at the NRC. Two preclinical studies at the University of Seville were completed this year. One evaluated the effectiveness of our extended-release formulas for chronic pain and showed positive results in preclinical cell models. The other validated the stability (shelf-life) of these nanoparticle-based and extended-release formulas for chronic pain. This shelf-life study demonstrated significant stability under defined storage conditions. 
 
 Previously, the Company received positive preclinical proof-of-concept data supporting its complex mixtures for the treatment of Cytokine Release Syndrome, and its lead candidates will be optimized based on late-stage preclinical studies at Michigan State University. Proof-of-concept studies in animals that support our heart disease formulations have been successfully completed at the University of Hawaii. The Company runs a lean drug development program through GBSGB and takes effort to minimize expenses, including personnel, overhead, and fixed capital expenses through strategic partnerships with Universities and Contract Research Organizations CROs ). Our productive research and development network includes distinguished universities, hospitals, and Contract Research Organizations. 

20

Recent Developments 
 
 Divestiture of Nevada Cannabis Operations 
 
 On March 24, 2020, the Company entered into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ("Teco MIPA") with AJE Management, LLC. Pursuant to the Teco MIPA, the Company agreed to sell 100 of its membership interests in GB Sciences Nevada, LLC, and GB Sciences Las Vegas, LLC (the "Teco Subsidiaries") for approximately 8 million, which amount includes a cash payment at closing, the extinguishment and/or repayments of certain liabilities owed to the purchaser and affiliates of the purchaser, and an 8 promissory note. 
 
 On August 10, 2020, the Company entered into the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ("Nopah MIPA") and Promissory Note Modification Agreement with 483 Management, LLC. Pursuant to the Nopah MIPA, the Company agreed to sell its 100 membership interest in GB Sciences Nopah, LLC ("Nopah"), which holds a Nevada medical marijuana cultivation certificate. As consideration, the Company would receive 312,315 in consideration in the form of a 237,668 reduction to the outstanding principal and accrued interest balances of the 0 Note payable dated October 23, 2017, and extinguishment of accounts payable of 74,647, which were owed to an affiliate of the purchaser. 
 
 The closing of the Teco and Nopah sales was contingent upon the successful transfer of the Nevada cultivation and production licenses. On December 14, 2021, the Company received approval from the Nevada Cannabis Compliance Board for the transfer of cannabis cultivation and extraction licenses held by its subsidiaries GB Sciences Nevada, LLC, GB Sciences Las Vegas, LLC, and GB Sciences Nopah, LLC (the "Nevada Subsidiaries"). Consequently, all conditions to closing the sales of the 100 membership interests in the Nevada Subsidiaries were satisfied, and the transactions formally closed on December 31, 2021. After the closing date, the Company retains no ownership interest in the Nevada Subsidiaries. 
 
 As consideration for the membership interests, the Company received cash payments of 1,648,772 (including 400,000 in advance payments received during the nine months ended December 31, 2021), the extinguishment of debt and current liabilities owed to affiliates of the purchaser of 3,462,854, and a 3,025,000 8 note receivable. 

21

Intellectual Property Portfolio 
 
 In the past year, GBLX/GBSGB s foreign patents for plant-based treatments of serious disorders were allowed in different countries, expanding our patent protections as follows. On February 3, 2023, GB Sciences first foreign patent protecting its proprietary cannabinoid-based formulations for Parkinson s disease was issued in China. China is an increasingly important pharmaceutical market with cultural acceptance of plant-based formulations, which is a good fit for GB Sciences drug candidates. The global market for treatments of Parkinson s disease is projected to grow to 8.8 billion by the year 2026, and new therapies to address Parkinson s disease symptoms are greatly needed. The Chinese Patent was issued for GBSGB s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Parkinson s disease. On December 1, 2022, the Israeli (IL) Patent was allowed, protecting our Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). MCAS is a severe immunological condition in which mast cells inappropriately and excessively release inflammatory mediators, resulting in a range of severe chronic hyperinflammatory symptoms and life-threatening anaphylaxis attacks. On December 15, 2022, the Australian (AU) Patent was allowed, protecting the Company s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). On February 20, 2023, the Japanese (JP) Patent was allowed, protecting the Company s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the treatment of Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). Additionally, on March 9, 2023, the Notice of Allowance was received for the Company s U.S. Patent Application No. 16/878,295. This Notice of Allowance protects the use of the Company s Myrcene-Containing Complex Mixtures in the treatment of cardiac hypertrophy, overactive bladder, and refractory chronic cough. On April 25, 2023, the Japanese patent was also issued for the use of GBSGB s Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures in the treatment of Parkinson s disease. 
 
 In 2021, our growing intellectual property portfolio was augmented with additional patent-protections for our PhAROS drug discovery platform that were filed in July of 2021 and in October of 2021. The Company, through GBSGB, also filed for protection of new PhAROS discovered, non-cannabis formulations in July of 2021. In September of 2021, the Company filed a patent application for the Company s improved DCR-MEM formulations for our PD therapeutic program. These new patent applications expanded upon the solid foundation of intellectual property developed over the past six years. 
 
 In 2020, the three patents which protect formulations for the Company s lead therapeutic programs were issued by the USPTO. The issuance of U.S. Patent No. 10,653,640 entitled "Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases" on May 19, 2020 protects methods of using GBSGB s proprietary cannabinoid-containing complex mixtures (CCCM for treating Parkinson s Disease. This was an important milestone in the development of these vitally important therapies and validates GBSGB s drug discovery platform. In the US alone, the combined direct and indirect costs associated with Parkinson s disease are estimated at 52 billion, and new therapies to address Parkinson s disease symptoms are greatly needed. This was also the first time that a US patent has been awarded for a cannabis-based complex mixture defined using this type of drug discovery method. The first US patent for PD therapies validated our drug discovery platform and strengthened our intellectual property portfolio of unique CCCM s , each targeting one of up to 60 specific clinical applications. 
 
 The issuance of the Company s second and third US patents for active pharmaceutical ingredients that are complex mixtures identified by our biotech platform further confirmed that the Company s pharmaceutical compositions can be patent protected for use as biopharmaceutical and nutraceutical products. The US Patent entitled Myrcene-Containing Complex Mixtures Targeting TRPV1 protects methods of using our proprietary MEMs for the treatment of pain disorders related to arthritis, shingles, irritable bowel syndrome, sickle cell disease, and endometriosis. In the US alone, chronic pain represents an estimated health burden of between 560 and 650 billion dollars, and an estimated 20.4 of U.S. adults suffer from chronic pain that significantly decreases their quality of life. Despite the widespread rates of addiction and death, opioids remain the standard of care treatment for most people with chronic pain. The Company believes that it is important to create safer, less addictive alternatives to opioids for the treatment of chronic pain disorders, like GBSGB s myrcene-containing MEMs. 
 
 The Company's third issued US Patent entitled "Cannabinoid-Containing Complex Mixtures for the Treatment of Mast-Cell-Associated or Basophil-Mediated Inflammatory Disorders" protects methods of using the Company s proprietary MEMs for treating Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS). MCAS is a severe immunological condition in which mast cells inappropriately and excessively release inflammatory mediators, resulting in a range of severe chronic hyperinflammatory symptoms and life-threatening anaphylaxis attacks. Receiving this patent for the treatment of MCAS using our MEMs is an important milestone in the development of this urgently needed medicine. There is no single recommended treatment for MCAS patients. Instead, they attempt to manage MCAS symptoms primarily by avoiding triggers and using rescue medicines for their severe hyperinflammatory attacks. Therefore, MCAS patients need new therapeutic options to control their mast cell related symptoms, and our MEMs were designed to simultaneously control multiple inflammatory pathways within mast cells as a comprehensive treatment option. The Company is strategically targeting MCAS for two additional reasons. By focusing on a rare disease with no known cure, our company can apply for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s expedited approval process, which allows clinically successful treatments to get to market both quicker and more cost effectively. Gaining approval from the US FDA for the entire anti-inflammatory market would be extremely time consuming and cost prohibitive. Demonstrating that our MEMs are safe for the treatment of MCAS would favorably position our Company for clinical testing of these MEMs as potential treatments for other related inflammatory disorders, such as inflammatory bowel disease, thereby widening the target market and drastically shortening the development cycle and costs. 

22

The Company s fourth US Patent was issued on March 1, 2022 for a cannabinoid-containing mixture designed to treat cardiac hypertrophy, often present in advanced heart disease. GB Sciences newly issued patent also covers the use of these receptor-targeted formulations for the treatment of TRPV1-receptor associated hearing loss and urinary cystitis. Despite multiple categories of prescription heart medications on the market, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in the United States for people of most racial and ethnic groups. Alternative therapeutic approaches are still needed, especially for the treatment of advanced heart disease. The market for prescription heart disease medications is predicted to rise to 64 billion dollars in the US by 2026, with future market growth fueled by innovative new therapeutic approaches. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table sets forth certain of our Consolidated Statements of Operations data from continuing operations: 

For the Three Months Ended 

June 30, 

2024 

2023 

General and administrative expenses 

254,137 

265,122 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

(254,137) 

(265,122) 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

(30,881) 

(40,804) 

Loss on impairment of capitalized patent and trademark costs 

- 

(42,194) 

Other income 

- 

75,000 

Total other income (expense) 

(30,881) 

(7,999) 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

(285,018) 

(273,121) 

Income tax expense 

- 

- 

NET LOSS 

(285,018) 

(273,121) 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 10,985 to 254,137 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to 265,122 for the three months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease of 10,985 is attributable to Company s continuing efforts to maintain administrative costs at a minimum and to make the best use of its limited resources in advancing research development of the Company's intellectual property portfolio. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 9,923 to 30,881 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to 40,804 in the prior year quarter. The decrease is attributable to debt discounts becoming fully amortized during the period, partially offset by an increase in net note balances due to new notes in the current period. 
 
 Other income 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded other income of 0. The income in the 2023 period relates to the receipt of 75,000 from the makers of a note receivable in the amount of 2,520,833 due and payable to the Company. The note receivable was fully allowed for as of March 31, 2023 and therefore the receipt of cash from the payor has been classified as other income. 
 
 Loss on impairment of capitalized patent and trademark costs 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, no impairment was recorded. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment of all remaining capitalized patents and trademark costs totaling 42,195. 

23

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Current Liquidity 
 
 The Company will need additional capital to implement its strategies. There is no assurance that it will be able to raise the amount of capital needed for future growth plans. Even if financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable. If unable to raise the necessary capital at the times required, the Company may have to materially change the business plan, including delaying implementation of aspects of the business plan or curtailing or abandoning the business plan. In order to be able to achieve the strategic goals, the Company needs to further expand its business and financing activities. Based on the Company's cash position, it is necessary to raise additional capital by the end of the next quarter in order to continue to fund current operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is pursuing several alternatives to address this situation, including the raising of additional funding through equity or debt financing. In order to finance existing operations and pay current liabilities over the next twelve months, the Company will need to raise additional capital. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able to operate profitably on a consistent basis, or at all, in the future. 
 
 The principal sources of liquidity to date have been cash generated from sales of debt and equity securities and loans along with the sale of our subsidiaries. 
 
 At June 30, 2024, cash was 0, other current assets excluding cash were 91,451, and our working capital deficit was 5,267,133. Current liabilities were 5,358,584 and consisted principally of 2,304,978 in accounts payable and accounts payable - related party, accrued interest of 487,974, 1,512,307 in notes and convertible notes payable (short term and long term), and a federal income tax liability related to the Company's past ownership of the Nevada Subsidiaries of 1,060,825. 
 
 At March 31, 2024, the Company had a cash balance of 11,991, other current assets excluding cash were 91,451, and our working capital deficit was 4,992,115. Current liabilities were 5,095,557, which consisted principally of 1,437,307 in notes and convertible notes payable, 2,012,896 in accounts payable, and 1,060,825 income taxes payable. 

24

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased 83,310 to 21,991 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to cash used of 105,301 for the three months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease in cash used in operating activities is due to the net loss of 285,018 for the three months ended June 30, 2024 offset by accounts payable, accrued liabilities and accrued interest totaling 263,028, compared to the net loss of 273,121 for the three months ended June 30, 2023. We anticipate that cash flows from operations will be insufficient to fund business operations for the next twelve-month period. Accordingly, we will have to generate additional liquidity or cash flow to fund our current and anticipated operations. This will likely require the sale of additional common stock or other securities. There is no assurance that we will be able to realize any significant proceeds from such sales, if at all. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded cash flows provided by financing activities of 10,000, in gross proceeds from the exercise of warrants. Cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended June 30, 2023 included 25,000 gross proceeds from convertible notes payable. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has sustained net losses since inception, which have caused an accumulated deficit of 110,352,010 at June 30, 2024. The Company had a working capital deficit of 5,267,133 at June 30, 2024, compared to a deficit of 4,450,202 at June 30, 2023. In addition, the Company has consumed cash in its operating activities of 21,991 for the three months ended June 30, 2024, compared to 105,301 used in operating activities for the three months ended June 30, 2023. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Management has been able, thus far, to finance the losses through a public offering, private placements and obtaining operating funds from stockholders. The Company is continuing to seek sources of financing. There are no assurances that the Company will be successful in achieving its goals. 
 
 In view of these conditions, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain additional financing or capital sources, to meet its financing requirements, and ultimately to achieve profitable operations. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the date of these financial statements were made available. Management believes that its current and future plans provide an opportunity to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may be necessary in the event the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 VARIABLES AND TRENDS 
 
 In the event the Company is able to obtain the necessary financing to progress with its business plan, the Company expects expenses to increase significantly to grow the business. Accordingly, the comparison of the financial data for the periods presented may not be a meaningful indicator of future performance and must be considered in light of these circumstances. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 A description of the Company's significant accounting policies is included in Note 3 of its Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 

25

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in the periodic reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. At the end of the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the 1934 Act. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that as of June 30, 2024, the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses: (1) as no member of our board of directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act; and (2) due to the fact the duties of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer are consolidated in one person and therefore the Company lacks duel control within the duties of these two positions. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management, including the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), does not expect that disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024, there have been no changes in the internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the internal controls over financial reporting. 

26

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 No new items to disclose. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024 , the Company accepted the exercise of 1,000,000 warrants at 0.01 per share of common stock, for gross cash proceeds of 10,000. The common shares were not registered under the Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Act since the transactions were not a part of any public offering. 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 No new items to disclose. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 
 In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable agreement and: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
 
 may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and 
 
 were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

27

The following exhibits are included as part of this report: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to Form SB-2 No. 333-82580 filed with the Commission on February 12, 2002) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1/A No. 333-82580 filed with the Commission on October 6, 2014 and Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on June 27, 2014) 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on August 28, 2020) 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on August 28, 2020) 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2023) 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to Form SB-2 No. 333-82580 filed with the Commission on February 12, 2002) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer and Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 

32.1 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

This certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

28

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GB SCIENCES, INC. 

Date: November 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Andrea Small-Howard 

Dr. Andrea Small-Howard, Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

29

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_750332.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Andrea Small-Howard, certify that: 

1.I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GB Sciences, Inc.; 

2.Based on my knowledge, the quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for the periods presented in this report; 

4.The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a)All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Dr. Andrea Small-Howard 

Dr. Andrea Small-Howard, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex_750333.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of GB Sciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dr. Andrea Small Howard, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Dr. Andrea Small-Howard 

Dr. Andrea Small-Howard, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 gblx-20240630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 gblx-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 gblx-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 gblx-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 gblx-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

