<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241205_10-Q_edgar_data_1600438_0001628280-24-050077.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9055260</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104392</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1530085</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3300267</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2116204</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1810185</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050077.hdr.sgml : 20241205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241205162029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GMS Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001600438
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-LUMBER & OTHER CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS [5030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37784
		FILM NUMBER:		241529356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CRESCENT CENTRE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			TUCKER
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-392-4619

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CRESCENT CENTRE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			TUCKER
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30084

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GYP Holdings I Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050077.txt : 20241205

10-Q
 1
 gms-20241031.htm
 10-Q

gms-20241031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________. 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 ______________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation (IRS Employer Identification No.) or organization) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of November 30, 2024. 

FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I Financial Information 
 5 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART II Other Information 
 43 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 45 
 Signatures 
 46 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, seek, or should, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Statements about our future financial performance, growth or future developments relating to economic conditions, our markets or the commercial and residential construction industries and statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects, assumptions or future events contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed under the heading Risk Factors in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 
 general business, financial market and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation, rising interest rates, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and increased labor costs, geopolitical conflicts, an economic downturn or recession and capital market volatility; 
 our dependency upon the cyclical commercial and residential construction markets, both new and repair and remodeling R R including any impact from a decline or delay in residential or commercial construction activity, including from disruptions caused by the inability of commercial borrowers to repay their debt obligations, and from the availability or cost of financing; 
 competition in our industry and the markets in which we operate; 
 consolidation in our industry; 
 the fluctuations in prices and mix of the products we distribute and our ability to pass on price increases to our customers and effectively manage inventories and margins in both inflationary and deflationary pricing environments; 
 our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy, including identifying, successfully consummating and integrating acquisitions, opening new branches and expanding our product offerings; 
 our ability to successfully expand into new geographic markets; 
 product shortages, other disruptions in our supply chain or distribution network and potential loss of relationships with key suppliers, including increased shipping costs and delays and heightened risks relating to sourcing products from international suppliers; 
 our ability to manage operating costs and achieve the anticipated benefits from our cost reduction and productivity initiatives; 
 the potential loss of any significant customers or reduction in volume of purchases by our significant customers; 
 our ability to renew leases for our facilities on acceptable terms or secure new facilities on acceptable terms; 
 our ability to effectively manage our inventory as our sales volume or the prices of the products we distribute fluctuate; 
 significant fluctuations in fuel costs or shortages in the supply of fuel; 
 3 

natural or man-made disruptions to our facilities or equipment; 
 the risk related to our Canadian operations, including currency rate fluctuations; 
 our ability to continue to anticipate and address evolving consumer demands; 
 exposure to product liability and various other claims and litigation, and the adequacy and costs of insurance related thereto; 
 operating hazards that may cause personal injury or property damage; 
 the volatility in the political, legal and regulatory environments in which we operate, including as a result of the recent U.S. presidential election, and the legislative, regulatory, trade and policies associated with a new administration; 
 our inability to engage in activities that may be in our best long-term interests because of restrictions in our debt agreements; 
 our current level of indebtedness and our ability to incur additional indebtedness, including to fund acquisitions; 
 our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all; 
 the effects of widespread public health crises on our business, industry and results of operations; 
 our ability to attract and retain key employees while controlling costs, including the impact of labor and trucking shortages; 
 a cybersecurity breach, including misappropriation of our customers , employees or suppliers confidential information, and the potential costs related thereto; 
 a disruption in our IT systems and costs necessary to maintain and update our IT systems; and 
 the imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers, including in connection with the new U.S. presidential administration, and the effect of any retaliatory trade measures. 
 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and events may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 4 

PART I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 GMS Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts and notes receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively 
 Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

GMS Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Net income per common share: 
 Basic Diluted Comprehensive income Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Changes in other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

GMS Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances as of April 30, 2024 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan Balances as of July 31, 2024 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units ) Tax withholding related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2024 ) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balances as of April 30, 2023 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Other comprehensive income, net of tax Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan Balances as of July 31, 2023 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units ) Tax withholding related to net share settlements of equity awards ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2023 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

GMS Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Write-off and amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Equity-based compensation Loss (gain) on disposal of assets ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Other items, net Changes in assets and liabilities net of effects of acquisitions: Trade accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits ) ) Other accrued expenses and liabilities ) Cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Other investing activities ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments on revolving credit facility ) ) Borrowings from revolving credit facility Payments of principal on long-term debt ) Borrowings from term loan amendment Repayments from term loan amendment ) Payments of principal on finance lease obligations ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Payment for debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of stock pursuant to employee stock purchase plan Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 distribution centers with extensive product offerings of wallboard, ceilings, steel framing and complementary construction products. The Company also operates approximately tool sales, rental and service centers. Through these operations, the Company provides a comprehensive selection of building products and solutions for its residential and commercial contractor customer base across the United States and Canada. The Company s operating model combines the benefits of a national platform and strategy with a local go-to-market focus, enabling the Company to generate significant economies of scale while maintaining high levels of customer service. 
 million as of October 31, 2024 and is included in other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Insurance Liabilities 
 General liability, automobile and workers compensation Expected recoveries for insurance liabilities ) ) 
 
 million of restructuring costs in connection with the reduction in workforce and certain other restructuring activities, consisting primarily of severance and other employee costs. As of October 31, 2024, million of costs related to the reduction in workforce were paid and million are expected to be paid in the third quarter of fiscal 2025. Restructuring costs are classified within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 
 9 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

See Note 13, Segments, for information regarding disaggregation of revenue, including revenue by product and by geographic area. 
 
 2. 
 locations across Greater Toronto and Ontario, Canada. The Company funded this transaction with cash on hand and borrowings under its asset based revolving credit facility (the ABL Facility ). The Company also entered into contingent consideration arrangements, based on purchase volumes of certain customers, that are payable in cash to the sellers over , up to a maximum amount of million as of the acquisition date million Canadian dollars). 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company acquired R.S. Elliott Specialty Supply, Inc., a leading regional distributor of stucco, plaster, siding, External Insulation and Finishing Systems EIFS and related construction supplies, servicing markets across Florida from locations in Orlando, Wildwood, Tampa, West Palm Beach and Jacksonville. The Company funded this transaction with cash on hand and borrowings under its ABL Facility. 
 The primary purpose of these transactions was to expand the geographical coverage of the Company and grow the business. The Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the six months ended October 31, 2024 included million of net sales and million of net income from acquisitions made in fiscal 2025. The Company recorded transaction costs of million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 
 10 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Contingent consideration Fair value of consideration transferred 
 The preliminary estimated fair value of the Yvon contingent consideration payments was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation which accounts for the probabilities of various outcomes. The contingent consideration will be remeasured to fair value each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. See Note 11, Fair Value Measurements, for more information on the changes in fair value of contingent consideration. 
 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their acquisition date fair values. The acquisition accounting is subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the measurement period about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. The primary areas of the preliminary acquisition accounting that are not yet finalized relate to preliminary fair value estimates (including contingent consideration), working capital adjustments and residual goodwill. 
 Trade accounts and notes receivable Inventories ) Property and equipment Other assets Intangible assets Goodwill ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Fair value of consideration transferred 
 
 Goodwill recognized for acquisitions is attributable to synergies achieved through the streamlining of acquired company operations combined with improved margins attainable through increased market presence. The goodwill is assigned to the Company s geographic divisions reportable segment. Goodwill of million is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes and goodwill of million is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 11 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Trade names Other Total intangible assets 
 Trade accounts and notes receivable had an estimated fair value of million and a gross contractual value of million. The difference represents the Company s best estimate of the contractual cash flows that will not be collected. 
 
 3. 
 Other receivables Allowance for expected credit losses ) ) Other allowances ) ) Trade accounts and notes receivable 
 Provision Write-offs and other ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 
 
 Receivables from contracts with customers, net of allowances, were million and million as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively. The Company did not have material amounts of contract assets or liabilities as of October 31, 2024 or April 30, 2024. 
 
 12 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

4. 
 ) Goodwill recognized from acquisitions Acquisition accounting adjustments from prior period Translation adjustment ) ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) 
 As of October 31, 2024, million of goodwill was assigned to the Company s geographic divisions reportable segment and million was assigned to the Company s other segment. During the six months ended October 31, 2024, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments related to its acquisition of Kamco Supply Corporation and affiliates. 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 - 
 ) Definite-lived trade names - 
 ) Developed technology - 
 ) Other - 
 ) Definite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, net 
 
 Estimated Useful Lives (years) Weighted Average Amortization Period April 30, 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value (dollars in thousands) Customer relationships - 
 ) Definite-lived trade names - 
 ) Developed technology - 
 ) Other - 
 ) Definite-lived intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, net 
 
 Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 13 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 consisted of indefinite-lived trade names. 

5. 
 
 Unamortized discount and deferred financing costs on Term Loan Facility ) ) Senior Notes Unamortized discount and deferred financing costs on Senior Notes ) ) ABL Facility Finance lease obligations Installment notes at fixed rates up to , due in monthly and annual installments through 2029 
 Unamortized discount on installment notes ) Carrying value of debt Less current portion Long-term debt 
 
 Term Loan Facility 
 The Company has a senior secured first lien term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility with million outstanding as of October 31, 2024. The Company is required to make scheduled quarterly payments of million, or of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Facility, which began January 1, 2024 with the remaining balance due May 12, 2030. As of October 31, 2024, the applicable rate of interest under the Term Loan Facility was . Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at a floating rate per annum based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus . The Company has interest rate swap and collar agreements to convert the variable interest rate on a portion of its Term Loan Facility to a fixed rate. For more information, see Note 11, Fair Value Measurements. 
 On May 12, 2023, the Company amended the Term Loan Facility to provide refinancing term loans in the aggregate principal amount of million, the net proceeds of which were used, together with cash on hand, to refinance the then outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan Facility in the principal amount of million and pay related fees. The net million increase in aggregate principal amount consisted of a million cashless roll by existing lenders, million of proceeds received from new lenders and million of payments to lenders who did not participate in the refinancing. The Company corrected the presentation of the cash flows associated with the refinancing from a net presentation 
 14 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

from the date of the amendment to May 12, 2030 and (iii) modify certain thresholds, baskets and amounts referenced therein. The Company recorded a write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees of million, which is included in write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the six months ended October 31, 2023. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Company has senior unsecured notes due May 2029 (the Senior Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million. The Senior Notes bear interest at per annum and mature on May 1, 2029. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1. 
 Asset Based Lending Facility 
 The Company has an ABL Facility that provides for aggregate revolving commitments of million. Extensions of credit under the ABL Facility are limited by a borrowing base calculated periodically based on specified percentages of the value of eligible inventory and accounts receivable, subject to certain reserves and other adjustments. 
 At the Company s option, the interest rates applicable to the loans under the ABL Facility are based on SOFR or base rate plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The margins applicable for each elected interest rate are subject to a pricing grid, as defined in the ABL Facility agreement, based on average daily availability for the most recent fiscal quarter. The ABL Facility also contains an unused commitment fee. As of October 31, 2024, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings was . 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Company had available borrowing capacity of approximately million under the ABL Facility. The ABL Facility matures on December 22, 2027. The ABL Facility contains a cross-default provision with the Term Loan Facility. 
 On May 23, 2024, the Company amended its ABL Facility to replace the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) with the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA) as the benchmark rate for borrowings under the Canadian revolving credit subfacility. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Term Loan Facility and the indenture governing the Senior Notes contain a number of covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries, as described in the respective credit agreement and the indenture, to incur more indebtedness; pay dividends, redeem or repurchase stock or make other distributions; make investments; create restrictions on the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends to us or make other intercompany transfers; create liens securing indebtedness; transfer or sell assets; merge or consolidate; enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and prepay or amend the terms of certain indebtedness. Such covenants are subject to several important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the Term Loan Facility and the indenture governing the Senior Notes. As of October 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants contained in the Term Loan Facility and the indenture governing the Senior Notes. 
 The ABL Facility contains certain covenants, including financial and other reporting requirements. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 15 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 

6. 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 16 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 

7. 
 
 and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference in the effective income tax rate over the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was primarily due to the impact of foreign taxes, state taxes and equity compensation. 
 Valuation allowance . The Company had a valuation allowance of million and million against its deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024, respectively. To the extent the Company generates sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize the tax benefits of the net deferred tax assets on which a valuation allowance is recorded, the effective tax rate may decrease as the valuation allowance is reversed. 
 Uncertain tax positions . The Company had uncertain tax positions as of October 31, 2024 or April 30, 2024. 

17 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

8. 
 million of its outstanding common stock (such plan, the 2023 Repurchase Plan ). The Company may conduct repurchases under the 2023 Repurchase Plan through open market transactions, under trading plans in accordance with SEC Rule 10b5-1 and/or in privately negotiated transactions, in each case in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. The timing and amount of any purchases of the Company s common stock are subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the Company s liquidity, credit availability, general business and market conditions, debt covenants and the availability of alternative investment opportunities. The 2023 Repurchase Plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any amount of common stock, and it may be suspended or terminated at any time at the Company s discretion. As of October 31, 2024, the Company had million of remaining repurchase authorization under the 2023 Repurchase Plan. 
 Share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax. The Company includes the applicable excise tax as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired and records the taxes as a liability in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Shares repurchased pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program are retired. The Company s accounting policy related to its share repurchases is to reduce its common stock based on the par value of the shares and charge any excess of cost over par value to additional paid-in capital. 
 Excise tax on repurchases Repurchases of common stock Number of shares repurchased 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) ) ) Losses on intra-entity transactions that are of a long-term investment nature ) ) Reclassification to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) ) 
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassification on derivative instruments for the six months ended October 31, 2024 is net of million of tax. Reclassification to earnings from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the six months ended October 31, 2024 is net of tax of million. Losses on intra-entity transactions that are of a long-term investment nature for the six months ended October 31, 2024 are net of tax of million. 
 
 18 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

9. 
 million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Stock Option Awards 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 Exercisable as of October 31, 2024 Vested and Expected to vest as of October 31, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the excess of the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period over the weighted average exercise price, multiplied by the number of options outstanding, exercisable or expected to vest. Options expected to vest are unvested shares, net of expected forfeitures. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Expected life (years) Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Grant date fair value 
 19 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2024 
 The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock units. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company has an employee stock purchase plan ESPP ), the terms of which allow for qualified employees to participate in the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal to of the lower of the closing price at the beginning or end of the purchase period, which is a period ending on December 31 and June 30 of each year. The Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Average purchase price 
 
 20 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

10. 
 Amounts redeemed ) ) ) Change in fair value Balance as of October 31, 2024 Classified as current as of April 30, 2024 Classified as long-term as of April 30, 2024 Classified as current as of October 31, 2024 Classified as long-term as of October 31, 2024 
 Total expense related to these instruments was million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. Current and long-term liabilities for stock appreciation rights, deferred compensation and redeemable noncontrolling interests are included in other accrued expenses and current liabilities and other liabilities, respectively, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 13, Stock Appreciation Rights, Deferred Compensation and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024 for more information regarding stock appreciation rights, deferred compensation and redeemable noncontrolling interests. 
 
 11. 
 Liabilities: Contingent consideration (Level 3) 
 Interest rate swaps and collars . The Company has (a) interest rate swap agreements for with notional amounts totaling million to convert the variable interest rate on a portion of the term loans outstanding to a fixed 1-month SOFR interest rate of and (b) forward interest rate collars with notional amounts totaling million for years 2025 through 2029. The objective of such hedging instruments is to reduce the variability of interest payment cash flows associated with the variable interest rates under the Term Loan Facility and otherwise hedge exposure to future interest rate fluctuations. The Company believes there have been no material changes in the creditworthiness of the counterparties to these interest rate swaps and believes the risk of nonperformance by each party is minimal. The Company designated the interest rate swaps and collars as cash flow hedges. 
 As of October 31, 2024, million of the interest rate swap and collar assets were classified in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and million were classified in other assets. The 
 21 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

million and million during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to its interest rate swaps. The Company recognized gains of million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to its interest rate swaps. These amounts are included in interest expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income and within cash flows from operating activities within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of October 31, 2024, the Company expects that approximately million of pre-tax earnings will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the next twelve months. 
 The fair value of interest rate swap and collar agreements is determined using Level 2 inputs. Generally, the Company obtains the Level 2 inputs from its counterparties. Substantially all the inputs throughout the full term of the instruments can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap and collar agreements was determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivative. This analysis reflected the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and used observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. 
 Contingent consideration . As discussed in Note 2, Business Combinations, the Company entered into contingent consideration arrangements in connection with its acquisition of Yvon in which the Company will make additional payments to the sellers ranging from to a maximum amount of million million Canadian dollars) based on the purchase volumes of certain customers. The fair value of contingent consideration is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation which uses Level 3 unobservable inputs. The significant unobservable inputs used to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration include estimated future cash flows, discount rates, and volatility of forecasted revenue. Actual results may differ from the projected results and could have a significant impact on the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration. Additionally, as the liability is stated at present value, the passage of time alone will increase the estimated fair value of the liability each reporting period. Changes in fair value are recorded in other income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Additions Change in fair value Translation adjustment ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 
 The contingent consideration is classified in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet based on expected payment dates. As of October 31, 2024, million of the contingent consideration liability was classified within other accrued expenses and current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and million was classified within other liabilities. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Disclosures are required for certain assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition. Such measurements of fair value relate primarily to assets and liabilities measured at fair value in connection with business combinations and long-lived asset impairments. For more information on business combinations, see Note 2, Business Combinations. There were no material long-lived asset impairments during the six months ended October 31, 2024 or 2023. 
 22 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

12. 

13. 
 Other Corporate 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 Net Sales Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) Geographic divisions Other Corporate 
 
 23 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Other Corporate 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 Net Sales Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) Geographic divisions Other Corporate 
 
 Interest expense Write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees Interest income ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Depreciation expense Amortization expense Stock appreciation rights(a) Redeemable noncontrolling interests and deferred compensation(b) Equity-based compensation(c) Severance and other permitted costs(d) Transaction costs (acquisitions and other)(e) (Gain) loss on disposal of assets(f) ) ) ) Effects of fair value adjustments to inventory(g) Change in fair value of contingent consideration(h) Debt transaction costs(i) Adjusted EBITDA(j) 
 __________________________________________ 
 
 (a) Represents changes in the fair value of stock appreciation rights. 
 (b) Represents changes in the fair values of noncontrolling interests and deferred compensation agreements. 
 (c) Represents non-cash equity-based compensation expense related to the issuance of share-based awards. 
 (d) Represents severance expenses and certain other cost adjustments as permitted under the ABL Facility and the Term Loan Facility. 
 24 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Revenues by Product 
 Complementary products Steel framing Ceilings Total net sales 
 
 25 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

Insulation Joint treatment Lumber EIFS/stucco Other Complementary products 
 Geographic Information 
 Canada Total net sales 
 Canada Total property and equipment, net 
 
 26 

GMS Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) (Continued) 

14. 
 Basic earnings per common share: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Common Stock Equivalents Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 During the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the number of Common Stock Equivalents excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive was material. Anti-dilutive securities could be dilutive in future periods. 

Note 15. 
 million of its outstanding common stock (such new repurchase program, the 2024 Repurchase Plan ). The 2024 Repurchase Plan replaces the Company s previous share repurchase authorization of million under the 2023 Repurchase Plan, which commenced in October 2023 and had million of authorization remaining as of November 30, 2024. The Company may conduct repurchases under the 2024 Repurchase Plan through a variety of methods, which may include open market transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, under trading plans in accordance with SEC Rule 10b5-1, in privately negotiated transactions or in any combination of such methods, in each case in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. The timing and amount of any purchases of our common stock are subject to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, our liquidity, credit availability, general business and market conditions, stock price, our debt covenants and the availability of alternative investment opportunities. The 2024 Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock, and it may be suspended or terminated at any time at our discretion. 
 27 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 Overview 
 Founded in 1971, GMS Inc. we, our, us, or the Company ), through its operating subsidiaries, operates a network of more than 300 distribution centers with extensive product offerings of wallboard, ceilings, steel framing and complementary construction products. We also operate approximately 100 tool sales, rental and service centers. Through these operations, we provide a comprehensive selection of building products and solutions for our residential and commercial contractor customer base across the United States and Canada. Our operating model combines the benefits of a national platform and strategy with a local go-to-market focus, enabling us to generate significant economies of scale while maintaining high levels of customer service. 
 
 Market Conditions and Outlook 
 We believe the Company continues to be well-positioned to meet demand in our end markets and respond to fluctuations therein due to our broad mix of customers, including commercial, single-family and multi-family builders and contractors, our diverse product offerings and our expansive geographic scope. 
 Commercial 
 Demand for commercial projects in most of the sectors GMS serves was solid through the end of fiscal 2024, as driven by stimulus and technology related spending and post-COVID population shifts. However, after two years of U.S. commercial wallboard volume growth through the end of fiscal 2024, demand for wallboard in this end market declined year-over-year during the first half of fiscal 2025 as compared with the prior year period, reflective of an uncertain economic climate and a challenging financing environment for commercial projects. While a number of projects have been delayed or cancelled for now, construction to support certain commercial applications, including medical and governmental projects, particularly those associated with reshoring activities and those driven by governmental programs, such as development associated with the CHIPS Act of 2022, continue. Looking forward, financing availability and cost, coupled with labor constraints and other inflationary pressures, appear to be headwinds until interest rates and commercial real estate lending conditions improve. 
 As with residential contractors, both we and our commercial contractor customers face inflationary pressures for labor, certain building products and other miscellaneous expenses. 
 Residential Single-Family 
 Single-family starts began to pull back in the summer of 2022 amid rising interest rates coupled with broader macroeconomic and other affordability concerns. As a result, a slowdown in demand for single-family construction products followed, and we began to see its impacts in our results during the latter half of fiscal 2023 for most of our geographic regions, which lasted through much of fiscal 2024. After mortgage rates peaked in October 2023, they moderated slightly and sentiment from many of our homebuilder customers improved as the market adjusted to the current rates, particularly with the support of incentives from larger homebuilders. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, year-over-year wallboard volume growth for single-family housing units turned positive for the first time since the fall of 2022 and was again positive in the first half of fiscal 2025, evidencing the early recovery of this end market. However, while underlying fundamentals, including a limited supply of both new and existing homes as well as demographics, continue to support strong demand for single-family housing units, stubbornly elevated mortgage rates and the overall affordability of housing, particularly for younger, lower income buyers, are expected to temper overall single-family housing starts. 
 Residential Multi-Family 
 Given the fundamental need for additional residential housing units, coupled with affordability concerns for prospective homebuyers and a lack of existing homes for sale, multi-family construction activity was robust throughout 
 28 

calendar 2023 and into the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. However, given the significant decline in starts over the last year, this end market peaked for the short term and demand for our products declined year-over-year during the first half of fiscal 2025 as certain geographies have completed the construction of the bulk of their remaining backlog of projects. 
 While absorption rates in this market remain favorable, creating optimism for further development, interest rates and suppressed commercial real estate lending continue to constrain projects in the near term. More broadly, the solid underlying demand fundamentals of the housing market, including favorable demographics, low levels of supply of new homes, a chronic undersupply of homes in general, and easing regulatory constraints for development are expected to provide support for the residential multi-family markets in the longer term. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 The key elements of our business strategy are as follows: 
 Expand Core Products . Our business strategy includes an emphasis on expanding our market share in our core products (wallboard, ceilings and steel framing) both organically and through acquisitions. 
 Grow Complementary Products . We are focused on growing our complementary product lines, with a particular emphasis on achieving growth in tools and fasteners, insulation and External Insulation and Finishing Systems EIFS and stucco, and to diversify and expand our product offerings in order to better serve our customers. 
 Expand our Platform . Our growth strategy includes the pursuit of both greenfield openings and strategic acquisitions to further broaden our geographic markets, enhance our service levels and expand our product offerings. 
 Greenfield openings . Our strategy for opening new branches is generally to further penetrate existing markets or enter new markets adjacent to our existing operations. For adjacent markets, we typically have pre-existing customer relationships in those markets but need a new location to fully serve those relationships. 
 Acquisitions . We have a proven history of consummating complementary acquisitions in new and contiguous markets. Due to the large, fragmented nature of our markets and our reputation throughout the industry, we believe we will continue to have access to a robust acquisition pipeline to supplement our organic growth. We use a rigorous targeting process to identify acquisition candidates that we believe will fit our culture and business model and we have built an experienced team of professionals to manage the acquisition and integration processes. As a result of our scale, purchasing power and ability to improve operations through implementing best practices, we believe we can continue to achieve substantial synergies, better serve our customers and drive earnings accretion from our acquisition strategy. 
 Drive Improved Productivity and Profitability . Our business strategy entails a focus on reduced complexity, enhanced productivity and improved profitability across the organization, seeking to leverage our scale and employ both technology and other best practices to lower our costs in order to deliver further margin expansion and earnings growth. We also expect to continue to capture profitable market share in our existing footprint by delivering industry-leading customer service. 
 
 Highlights 
 
 Key highlights in our business during the six months ended October 31, 2024 are described below: 
 
 Generated net sales of 2,919.2 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, a 3.1 increase from the prior year period, primarily due to contributions from recent acquisitions, resilient pricing in wallboard, ceilings and certain complementary products and single-family volume growth. These factors helped to offset a challenging pricing environment in steel framing and softening market conditions. 
 
 Generated net income of 110.8 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, a 34.0 decrease compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased selling, general and administrative expenses, driven by incremental expense from recent acquisitions and operating cost inflation; a decrease in gross margin, primarily due to the mix impacts of steel price deflation, price and cost dynamics in wallboard, and a shift from commercial and multi-family to single-family wallboard deliveries; and an increase in depreciation and amortization, primarily resulting from acquisitions. Net income as a percentage of sales was 3.8 and 5.9 during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 29 

Generated Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this Item 2) of 298.1 million during the six months ended October 31, 2024, a 12.5 decrease compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 10.2 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 12.0 for the six months ended October 31, 2023, primarily due to deflationary dynamics in steel pricing and increased selling, general and administrative expenses discussed above. 
 
 Completed three acquisitions and opened one greenfield location, as further described below. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Acquisitions 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company acquired Howard Sons Building Materials, Inc. Howard Sons ), a distributor of wallboard, steel framing and complementary products from a single location in Pomona, California. 
 On July 2, 2024, the Company acquired Yvon Building Supply, Inc., Yvon Insulation Corporation, Yvon Insulation Windsor, Laminated Glass Technologies, Inc. and Right Fit Foam Insulation Ltd. (collectively, Yvon ). Yvon provides drywall, insulation, steel, ceilings and other complementary products and related services, including installed insulation. Yvon operates through seven locations across Greater Toronto and Ontario, Canada. The Company funded this transaction with cash on hand and borrowings under its asset based revolving credit facility (the ABL Facility ). The Company also entered into contingent consideration arrangements that are based on purchases of certain customers and are payable in cash over five years. 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company acquired R.S. Elliott Specialty Supply, Inc. R.S. Elliott ), a leading regional distributor of stucco, plaster, siding, EIFS and related construction supplies, servicing markets across Florida from five locations in Orlando, Wildwood, Tampa, West Palm Beach and Jacksonville. 
 For more information regarding our acquisitions, see Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Greenfields 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company opened one new greenfield location in Summerville, South Carolina. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, the Company opened two additional greenfield locations in Middleton, Massachusetts and Clackamas, Oregon. 
 Cost Reduction Initiative 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company implemented a strategic cost reduction plan to improve operational efficiency, including a reduction in workforce. The Company recorded 6.2 million of onetime costs during the second quarter of fiscal 2025. The cost reduction plan is expected to result in 25 million to 30 million of annualized cost savings. 

30 

Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes key components of our results of operations for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Statement of operations data: Net sales 1,470,776 1,420,930 2,919,232 2,830,530 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 1,009,649 962,301 2,006,542 1,921,347 Gross profit 461,127 458,629 912,690 909,183 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 324,225 300,894 639,377 587,690 Depreciation and amortization 42,078 32,937 80,110 64,955 Total operating expenses 366,303 333,831 719,487 652,645 Operating income 94,824 124,798 193,203 256,538 Other (expense) income: Interest expense (23,697) (18,742) (45,910) (37,656) Write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees (1,401) Other income, net 1,299 2,106 3,327 4,245 Total other expense, net (22,398) (16,636) (42,583) (34,812) Income before taxes 72,426 108,162 150,620 221,726 Provision for income taxes 18,890 27,205 39,836 53,939 Net income 53,536 80,957 110,784 167,787 Non-GAAP measures: Adjusted EBITDA(1) 152,224 167,558 298,105 340,856 Adjusted EBITDA margin(1)(2) 10.3 11.8 10.2 12.0 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted EBITDA for how we define and calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, reconciliations thereof to net income and a description of why we believe these measures are useful. 
 
 (2) Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales. 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Wallboard 582,119 585,174 (3,055) (0.5) Complementary products 466,828 428,319 38,509 9.0 Steel framing 217,388 232,108 (14,720) (6.3) Ceilings 204,441 175,329 29,112 16.6 Total net sales 1,470,776 1,420,930 49,846 3.5 
 31 

The following table presents the impact of changes in volume and pricing on net sales of wallboard, steel framing and ceilings products on a per day basis during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period: 
 Volume Price/Mix Wallboard (1.6) 1.1 Ceilings 3.6 13.0 Steel framing 1.5 (7.8) 
 
 The increase in net sales during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to contributions from recent acquisitions and resilient pricing in wallboard, ceilings and certain complementary products. These factors helped to partially offset price deflation in steel framing and negative impacts of two major hurricanes. The increase in net sales consisted of the following: 
 an increase in complementary products sales, which include insulation, joint treatment, tools (including automatic taping and finishing tools), lumber and various other specialty building products, primarily due to positive contributions from acquisitions and an increase in pricing in certain product categories; 
 an increase in ceilings sales, which are principally impacted by commercial construction activity, primarily due to an increase in price/product mix, higher volume and positive contributions from acquisitions; 
 partially offset by a decrease in steel framing sales, which are principally impacted by commercial construction activity, primarily due to a decrease in price/product mix; and 
 a decrease in wallboard sales, which are impacted by both commercial and residential construction activity, primarily due to lower volume, partially offset by an increase in price/product mix. 
 The following table breaks out our net sales into organic, or base business, net sales and recently acquired net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024. When calculating organic sales growth, we exclude the net sales of acquired businesses until the first anniversary of the acquisition date. In addition, we exclude the impact of foreign currency translation in our calculation of organic net sales growth. 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Net sales 1,470,776 Recently acquired net sales (1) (116,990) Impact of foreign currency (2) 1,226 Base business net sales (3) 1,355,012 1,420,930 (65,918) (4.6) 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Represents net sales of branches acquired by us until the first anniversary of the acquisition date. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, net sales includes sales from the following acquisitions: AMW Construction Supply, LLC acquired on October 1, 2023; Kamco Supply Corporation and affiliates acquired on March 1, 2024; Howard Sons acquired on May 1, 2024; Yvon acquired on July 2, 2024; and R.S. Elliott acquired on August 26, 2024. 
 (2) Represents the impact of foreign currency translation on net sales. 
 (3) Represents net sales of existing branches and branches that were opened by us during the period presented. 
 The decrease in organic net sales was primarily driven by price deflation in steel framing and softened demand across our end markets, particularly in multi-family. These decreases were partially offset by resilient pricing in wallboard, ceilings and complementary products. 
 
 32 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 461,127 458,629 2,498 0.5 Gross margin 31.4 32.3 
 The slight increase in gross profit during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to contributions from recent acquisitions, partially offset by lower steel pricing. Gross margin on net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 decreased compared to the prior year period, primarily due to price and cost dynamics in wallboard, a shift from commercial and multi-family to single-family wallboard deliveries, unrealized manufacturer purchasing incentives due to lighter demand and storm disruption and several operational impacts to cost of sales. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expenses 324,225 300,894 23,331 7.8 of net sales 22.0 21.2 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of warehouse, delivery and general and administrative expenses. Approximately 21.6 million of the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year was due to incremental selling, general and administrative expenses from acquisitions. Also contributing to the increase was an increase in severance costs, primarily related to the cost reduction initiatives implemented during the three months ended October 31, 2024. These increases were partially offset by lower overall operating costs, reflective of realized savings from our cost reduction initiatives and reduced activity from changes in demand. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our net sales during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to operating cost inflation, steel price deflation and an increase in severance costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Depreciation 20,529 16,963 3,566 21.0 Amortization 21,549 15,974 5,575 34.9 Depreciation and amortization 42,078 32,937 9,141 27.8 
 Depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of definite-lived intangible assets acquired in purchases of businesses. The increase in depreciation expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to incremental expense resulting from property and equipment obtained in acquisitions and capital expenditures over the past year. The increase in amortization expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to incremental expense resulting from definite-lived intangible assets obtained in acquisitions over the past year, partially offset by the time-based progression of our use of the accelerated method of amortization for acquired customer relationships. 
 33 

Interest Expense 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Interest expense 23,697 18,742 4,955 26.4 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense incurred on our debt and finance leases and amortization of deferred financing fees and debt discounts. The increase in interest expense during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to an increase in outstanding debt and finance leases. 
 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 18,890 27,205 (8,315) (30.6) Effective tax rate 26.1 25.2 
 The change in the effective income tax rate during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to foreign taxes, state taxes and equity compensation. 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 Net Sales 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Wallboard 1,170,048 1,156,599 13,449 1.2 Complementary products 910,341 854,529 55,812 6.5 Steel framing 427,246 468,868 (41,622) (8.9) Ceilings 411,597 350,534 61,063 17.4 Total net sales 2,919,232 2,830,530 88,702 3.1 
 The following table presents the impact of changes in volume and pricing on net sales of wallboard, steel framing and ceilings products on a per day basis during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period: 
 Volume Price/Mix Wallboard 0.6 0.6 Ceilings 4.2 13.2 Steel framing 3.9 (12.8) 
 
 The increase in net sales during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to contributions from recent acquisitions and resilient pricing in wallboard, ceilings and certain complementary products. These factors helped to partially offset price deflation in steel framing. The increase in net sales consisted of the following: 
 a slight increase in wallboard sales, which are impacted by both commercial and residential construction activity, primarily due to higher single-family volume and an increase in price/product mix; 
 an increase in complementary products sales, which include insulation, joint treatment, tools (including automatic taping and finishing tools), lumber and various other specialty building products, primarily due to positive contributions from acquisitions and an increase in pricing in certain product categories; 
 34 

an increase in ceilings sales, which are principally impacted by commercial construction activity, primarily due to an increase in price/product mix and higher volume driven by positive contributions from acquisitions; and 
 partially offset by a decrease in steel framing sales, which are principally impacted by commercial construction activity, primarily due to a decrease in price/product mix, partially offset by higher volume driven by positive contributions from acquisitions. 
 The following table breaks out our net sales into organic, or base business, net sales and recently acquired net sales for the six months ended October 31, 2024. When calculating organic sales growth, we exclude the net sales of acquired businesses until the first anniversary of the acquisition date. In addition, we exclude the impact of foreign currency translation in our calculation of organic net sales growth. 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Net sales 2,919,232 Recently acquired net sales (1) (192,515) Impact of foreign currency (2) 6,307 Base business net sales (3) 2,733,024 2,830,530 (97,506) (3.4) 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Represents net sales of branches acquired by us until the first anniversary of the acquisition date. For the six months ended October 31, 2024, net sales includes sales from the following acquisitions: AMW Construction Supply, LLC acquired on October 1, 2023; Kamco Supply Corporation and affiliates acquired on March 1, 2024; Howard Sons acquired on May 1, 2024; Yvon acquired on July 2, 2024; and R.S. Elliott acquired on August 26, 2024. 
 (2) Represents the impact of foreign currency translation on net sales. 
 (3) Represents net sales of existing branches and branches that were opened by us during the period presented. 
 The decrease in organic net sales was primarily driven by price deflation in steel framing and softened demand across our end markets, particularly in multi-family. These decreases were partially offset by resilient pricing in wallboard, ceilings and complementary products. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 912,690 909,183 3,507 0.4 Gross margin 31.3 32.1 
 The increase in gross profit during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to contributions from recent acquisitions, partially offset by lower steel pricing. Gross margin on net sales for the six months ended October 31, 2024 decreased compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the mix impacts of steel price deflation, price and cost dynamics in wallboard, and a shift from commercial and multi-family to single-family wallboard deliveries. 
 35 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expenses 639,377 587,690 51,687 8.8 of net sales 21.9 20.8 
 Approximately 37.8 million of the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year was due to incremental selling, general and administrative expenses from acquisitions. Also contributing to the increase was a 6.1 million increase in severance costs. The remaining increase was due to increases in payroll and payroll-related costs, facilities costs and maintenance costs. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our net sales during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to operating cost inflation and activity-based increases, steel price deflation and costs associated with recent acquisitions and greenfield openings negatively impacting leverage. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Depreciation 39,757 33,290 6,467 19.4 Amortization 40,353 31,665 8,688 27.4 Depreciation and amortization 80,110 64,955 15,155 23.3 
 The increase in depreciation expense during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to incremental expense resulting from property and equipment obtained in acquisitions and capital expenditures over the past year. The increase in amortization expense during the six months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily due to incremental expense resulting from definite-lived intangible assets obtained in acquisitions over the past year, partially offset by the time-based progression of our use of the accelerated method of amortization for acquired customer relationships. 
 Interest Expense 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Interest expense 45,910 37,656 8,254 21.9 
 The increase in interest expense during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to an increase in outstanding debt and finance leases. 
 36 

Income Taxes 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percent (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 39,836 53,939 (14,103) (26.1) Effective tax rate 26.4 24.3 
 The change in the effective income tax rate during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to foreign taxes, state taxes and equity compensation. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Summary 
 We depend on cash flow from operations, cash on hand and funds available under our ABL Facility to finance working capital needs, capital expenditures and acquisitions. We believe that these sources of funds will be adequate to fund debt service requirements and provide cash, as required, to support our growth strategies, ongoing operations, capital expenditures, lease obligations and working capital for at least the next twelve months and in the long term. We also believe we would be able to take measures to preserve liquidity should there be an economic downturn, recession or other disruption to our business in the future. 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had available borrowing capacity of approximately 458.6 million under our ABL Facility. The ABL Facility is scheduled to mature on December 22, 2027. The ABL Facility contains a cross-default provision with the senior secured first lien term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility ). 
 On May 23, 2024, we amended our ABL Facility to replace the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) with the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA) as the benchmark rate for borrowings under the Canadian revolving credit subfacility. 
 For more information regarding our ABL Facility and other indebtedness, see Note 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 
 We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through consideration of the issuance or incurrence of additional debt, to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs such as general corporate purposes, growth initiatives, acquisitions and our stock repurchase program. 
 37 

Cash Flows 
 A summary of our operating, investing and financing activities is shown in the following table: 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Cash provided by operating activities 92,662 124,747 Cash used in investing activities (233,189) (83,809) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 57,712 (128,778) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 595 (388) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (82,220) (88,228) 
 Operating Activities 
 The decrease in cash used in operating activities during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to a decrease in net income and an increase in cash paid for interest expense, partially offset by lower working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 The increase in cash used in investing activities during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to a 151.3 million increase in cash used for acquisitions, partially offset by a 6.5 million decrease in capital expenditures. 
 Capital expenditures during the six months ended October 31, 2024 primarily consisted of the purchase of delivery and warehouse equipment, building and leasehold improvements, and IT-related spending. Capital expenditures vary depending on prevailing business factors, including current and anticipated market conditions. 
 Financing Activities 
 The change in cash for financing activities during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to net borrowings of 180.5 million under our ABL Facility during the six months ended October 31, 2024, compared to net repayments of 29.2 million during the prior year period. Also contributing to the change was a 23.9 million increase in repurchases of common stock during the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period and a 5.0 million increase in payments for principal on long-term debt and finance leases. 
 38 

Share Repurchase Program 
 On October 18, 2023, our Board of Directors approved an expanded share repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 250.0 million of our outstanding common stock (such plan, the 2023 Repurchase Plan ). See Note 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the 2023 Repurchase Plan. 
 We repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock for 98.5 million pursuant to the 2023 Repurchase Plan during the six months ended October 31, 2024, plus 0.8 million of excise taxes. As of October 31, 2024, we had 102.0 million of remaining purchase authorization under the 2023 Repurchase Plan. 
 On December 2, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a renewal of the share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 250 million of its outstanding common stock (such new repurchase program, the 2024 Repurchase Plan ). The 2024 Repurchase Plan replaces the Company s previous share repurchase authorization of 250 million under the 2023 Repurchase Plan, which commenced in October 2023 and had 94.6 million of authorization remaining as of November 30, 2024. See Note 15 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the 2024 Repurchase Plan. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The ABL Facility, the Term Loan Facility and the indenture governing the senior unsecured notes due May 2029 (the Senior Notes contain a number of covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries, as described in the respective credit agreement and the indenture, to incur more indebtedness; pay dividends, redeem or repurchase stock or make other distributions; make investments; create restrictions on the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends to us or make other intercompany transfers; create liens securing indebtedness; transfer or sell assets; merge or consolidate; enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and prepay or amend the terms of certain indebtedness. Such covenants are subject to several important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the ABL Facility, the Term Loan Facility and the indenture governing the Senior Notes. We were in compliance with all such covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 There have been no material changes to the contractual obligations as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, other than those made in the ordinary course of business. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 There have been no material changes to our off-balance sheet arrangements as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 

Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting estimates or our significant accounting policies as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 39 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP measures. We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP; however, we present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin because we believe they assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results, while other measures can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure and allocation, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments and acquisitions. 
 In addition, we utilize Adjusted EBITDA in certain calculations under our debt agreements. Our debt agreements permit us to make certain additional adjustments in calculating Consolidated EBITDA, such as projected net cost savings, which are not reflected in the Adjusted EBITDA data presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of companies, many of which present an Adjusted EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA margin measure when reporting their results. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 We also include information concerning Adjusted EBITDA margin, which is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. We present Adjusted EBITDA margin because it is used by management as a performance measure to judge the level of Adjusted EBITDA that is generated from net sales. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have their limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 40 

The following is a reconciliation of our net income to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net income 53,536 80,957 110,784 167,787 Interest expense 23,697 18,742 45,910 37,656 Write-off of debt discount and deferred financing fees 1,401 Interest income (193) (292) (563) (766) Provision for income taxes 18,890 27,205 39,836 53,939 Depreciation expense 20,529 16,963 39,757 33,290 Amortization expense 21,549 15,974 40,353 31,665 Stock appreciation rights(a) 397 401 640 1,619 Redeemable noncontrolling interests and deferred compensation(b) 693 184 1,115 664 Equity-based compensation(c) 4,925 5,111 8,603 8,415 Severance and other permitted costs(d) 6,460 882 7,416 1,288 Transaction costs (acquisitions and other)(e) 1,193 1,223 2,473 2,608 (Gain) loss on disposal of assets(f) (351) (310) 507 (441) Effects of fair value adjustments to inventory(g) 106 140 481 442 Change in fair value of contingent consideration(h) 793 793 Debt transaction fees(i) 378 1,289 Adjusted EBITDA 152,224 167,558 298,105 340,856 Net sales 1,470,776 1,420,930 2,919,232 2,830,530 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 10.3 11.8 10.2 12.0 
 ___________________________________ 
 (a) Represents changes in the fair value of stock appreciation rights. 
 (b) Represents changes in the fair values of noncontrolling interests and deferred compensation agreements. 
 (c) Represents non-cash equity-based compensation expense related to the issuance of share-based awards. 
 (d) Represents severance expenses and certain other cost adjustments as permitted under the ABL Facility and the Term Loan Facility. 
 (e) Represents costs related to acquisitions paid to third parties. 
 (f) Includes gains and losses from the sale and disposal of assets. 
 (g) Represents the non-cash cost of sales impact of acquisition accounting adjustments to increase inventory to its estimated fair value. 
 (h) Represents the change in fair value of contingent consideration arrangements. 
 (i) Represents costs paid to third-party advisors related to debt refinancing activities. 
 41 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes to our exposure to market risks from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of October 31, 2024, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, which are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of October 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 42 

PART II Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits that are brought against us in the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that in management s opinion would be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. For additional information, see Note 12 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The building materials industry has been subject to personal injury and property damage claims arising from alleged exposure to raw materials contained in building products as well as claims for incidents of catastrophic loss, such as building fires. As a distributor of building materials, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of the products we have distributed in the past or may in the future distribute is alleged to have resulted in economic loss, personal injury or property damage or to have violated environmental, health or safety or other laws. Such product liability claims have included and may in the future include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Certain of our subsidiaries have been the subject of claims related to alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products they distributed prior to 1979. The vast majority of these suits that have been filed against us have been dismissed; however, we continue to have a number of active asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits against which we continue to vigorously defend ourselves. We do not expect the ultimate outcome of any of these lawsuits to have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results; however, claims and legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and rulings unfavorable to the Company could occur which could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry We are exposed to product liability, warranty, casualty, construction defect, contract, tort, personal injury, employment and other claims and legal proceedings related to our business, the products we distribute, the services we provide and services provided for us by third parties listed in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes in the risks facing the Company as described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The number of shares repurchased and the average price paid per share for each month in the three months ended October 31, 2024 were as follows: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program (1) (in thousands) August 1 through August 31 132,736 90.01 132,736 142,351 September 1 through September 30 284,326 85.68 284,326 117,992 October 1 through October 31 176,106 90.88 176,106 101,988 Total 593,168 593,168 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax. All dollar amounts presented above exclude such excise taxes. 
 (2) On October 18, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the 2023 Repurchase Plan. See Note 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information. 
 
 43 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of the SEC s Regulation S-K. 
 44 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 (a) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this report : 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2020). 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2020). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101 SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101 DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101 PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GMS INC. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Scott M. Deakin Scott M. Deakin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gms-103124xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John C. Turner, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GMS Inc. for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date December 5, 2024 s John C. Turner, Jr. John C. Turner, Jr. Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gms-103124xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Scott M. Deakin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GMS Inc. for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date December 5, 2024 s Scott M. Deakin Scott M. Deakin Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gms-103124xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GMS Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), John C. Turner, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date December 5, 2024 s John C. Turner, Jr. John C. Turner, Jr. Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gms-103124xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of GMS Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Scott M. Deakin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date December 5, 2024 s Scott M. Deakin Scott M. Deakin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gms-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gms-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gms-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gms-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gms-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

