<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241216_10-Q_edgar_data_2028027_0001213900-24-109380.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2643603</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62835</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>700150</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>437552</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>689799</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>718545</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-109380.hdr.sgml : 20241216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241216170917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-109380
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Newbury Street II Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028027
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42391
		FILM NUMBER:		241552727

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 HIGH STREET FLOOR 3
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			022110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6178943057

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 HIGH STREET FLOOR 3
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			022110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-109380.txt : 20241216

10-Q
 1
 ea0224456-10q_newbury2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which
registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 13, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item
 1. Interim Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from June 18, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from June 18, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from June 18, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 15 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 17 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 17 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 18 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 19 
 
 Signatures 
 
 20 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets 

Non-current asset - deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note - related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholder s Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholder s Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period 
 from June 18, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Total 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional 
 
 Shareholder s 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Ordinary
 Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 June 18, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance
 of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 18, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of formation costs through issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Payment of operation costs through promissory note - related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
 Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to , consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and of other offering
costs. 

The Trust Account 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, on November 4, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), held only in either (i) U.S. government
treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries, (ii) uninvested
cash, or (iii) an interest bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. 

Initial Business Combination 

The Company s management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, although substantially
all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination.
The Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
least of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned
on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance
that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

The Company will provide the public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem, regardless of whether they abstain, vote for, or against, the Initial Business Combination, all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination either (1) in connection with a general meeting called to approve
the Initial Business Combination or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed Initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the
Company to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with the Company where it does not survive and any transactions
where the Company issue more than of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. The Company intends to conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC unless shareholder approval
is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing rules or the Company chooses to seek shareholder approval for business or other
reasons. 

5 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

months following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to the obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire without value to the holder
if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the 24 months following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. 

The Sponsor, executive officers and directors of the Company have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to their Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares (as defined below) if the Company fails to complete the Initial
Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor and the Company s
executive officers and directors acquire Public Shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the allotted time frame. The underwriters
have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not
complete the Initial Business Combination within the allotted time frame and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds
held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 

The Sponsor, and the Company s
executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with the Company, that they will not propose any amendment
to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) in that would modify the substance or timing of the obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the Initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not
complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, in each case unless
the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and global markets are experiencing volatility
and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of
the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal
of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. Certain countries,
including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel,
increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict
and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom,
the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting
impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could
lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain
interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the
Company s search for an Initial Business Combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an
Initial Business Combination. 

6 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

7 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

for the periods presented. 

ordinary shares that were subject
to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5). As of September 30, 2024, the Company did
not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then
share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per ordinary share is the same as basic loss per ordinary share for the
period presented. 

9 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units, which include the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Public Share and one-half of one warrant (each, a Public Warrant 
and collectively, the Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of per shares, subject to adjustments (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units, at
a price of per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary
share (each, a Private Placement Share and one-half of one warrant (each, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each
whole Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per shares, subject to adjustments.
The Private Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. With certain limited exceptions, the
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company. If the
Initial Business Combination is not completed within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to
the requirements of applicable law). 

Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ), in exchange
for a payment (approximately per share) from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. On July 12,
2024, the Company issued an additional Founder Shares to the Sponsor, resulting in the Sponsor holding a total of Founder
Shares. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, Founder Shares shall be deemed to include the Public Shares
issuable upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares are identical to the Public Shares included in the Units being sold in the Initial
Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into Public Shares at the time of the Initial Business Combination
or earlier at the option of the holder and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The Sponsor
had agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full
by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares
after the Initial Public Offering. On November 4, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the
closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor will not be entitled
to redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by the Sponsor in connection
with the completion of the Initial Business Combination. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within 24 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by it. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder
Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent
to the Initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 
per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

10 

NEWBURY STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the
Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Related Party Loans 

On June 20, 2024, the
Company and the Sponsor entered into a loan agreement, whereby the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to
cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of June 30, 2025, or the date on which the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering. As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowed under the promissory note. On November 4, 2024, the Company repaid the total
outstanding balance of the Note. Borrowings under the Note are no longer available. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with its Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ).
If the Company completes its Initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the Initial
Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. If the Sponsor makes any Working Capital
Loans, up to of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity at a price of per unit
at the option of the lender. The units and their underlying securities would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of September
30, 2024, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

11 

NEWBURY
STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover any over-allotments at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 4, 2024, in connection with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and purchased the additional Units
at per Unit. 

The
Company paid an underwriting discount of of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, or in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to an additional fee of of the gross offering
proceeds payable only upon the Company s completion of its Initial Business Combination (the Deferred Discount ),
or in the aggregate. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event the Company completes its Initial Business Combination. 

Representative
Shares 

The Company issued to BTIG, the representative of the underwriters
for the Initial Public Offering, Class A ordinary shares (the Representative Shares at the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering. The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an expense of the Initial Public Offering, resulting in
a charge directly to shareholder s deficit. BTIG has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without the Company s
prior consent until the completion of the Initial Business Combination. In addition, the Representative Shares are deemed to be underwriting
compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 and are, accordingly,
subject to certain transfer restrictions or a period of 180 days beginning at the Initial Public Offering. Furthermore, BTIG agrees
(and any of its designees to whom the Representative Founder Shares are issued will agree) (i) to waive its redemption rights (or
right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s Initial
Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within months after the Initial Public Offering. 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024, there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Ordinary
Shares 

The
authorized ordinary shares of the Company include up to Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share
and Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination,
it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares
which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company s shareholder votes on the Initial Business Combination
to the extent the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Holders of the Company s
ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each ordinary share (except as otherwise expressed in the Company s memorandum and
articles of association). As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

12 

NEWBURY
STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Founder Shares depending on the extent to which the over-allotment option
is not exercised by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares
after the Proposed Offering. As of September 30, 2024, there are Founder Shares issued and outstanding. On November 4, 2024,
the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, 
Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Public
Warrants 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were no Public Warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase Class A
ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as described herein, at any time commencing after the
completion of the Initial Business Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available
(or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the
warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the
state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after
the completion of the Initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company is not registering Public Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company has agreed that as
soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the
Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement or
a new registration statement registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the Public Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants.
The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions
of the applicable warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Public Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not
listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not
be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds . Beginning after completion
of the Initial Business Combination, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash: 

In
whole and not in part; 

At
a price of per warrant; 

Upon
not less than prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and 

13 

NEWBURY
 STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout such trading day period and the -day redemption period. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were no Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable. The Private
Placement Warrants may also be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that
are identical to those of the Public Warrants, except with certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants (including the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion
of the Initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of Units, which includes the full exercise by the
underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of Private
Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds
of . 

On
November 4, 2024, in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company paid an underwriting discount of of
the per Unit offering price, or in the aggregate, to the underwriters. 

On
November 4, 2024, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company repaid the total outstanding balance on the Note amounting
to . Borrowings under the Note are no longer available. 

14 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Newbury
Street II Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers
and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Newbury Street II Acquisition Sponsor LLC. The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in the below discussion
and elsewhere in this report have the meanings ascribed to them in the footnotes to the accompanying financial statements included as
part of this Quarterly Report. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q
including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination (as defined below), the Company s financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such
as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section
of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention
or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 18, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the
Private Placement offerings of shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We
expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an Initial
Business Combination will be successful. 

The
SEC adopted new rules and regulations for special-purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July
1, 2024 (the 2024 SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to
SPAC sponsors and related persons; (ii) additional disclosures relating to SPAC business combination transactions (iii) additional
disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings
and business combination transactions; (iv) additional disclosures regarding projections included in SEC filings in connection with proposed
business combination transactions and (v) the requirement that both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants for business
combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which
a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose,
and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

15 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 18, 2024 (inception) through
September 30, 2024 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do
not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 25,780, which consists of operating costs. 

For
the period from June 18, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, we had a net loss 41,602, which consist of formation and operating
costs 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Until
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from the Sponsor. 

Subsequent
to the quarterly period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, on November 4, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 17,250,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 2,250,000
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 648,375 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a Private
Placement to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 6,483,750. 

Following
the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the Private Placement, a total of 173,362,500 was placed
in the Trust Account. We incurred 10,113,129 in offering expenses, consisting of 3,450,000 of cash underwriting fee, 6,037,500 of
deferred underwriting fee, and 625,629 of other offering costs. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Initial Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used,
in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our
growth strategies. 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform due diligence on
prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an Initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that an Initial Business Combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Initial
Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement
Units. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Initial Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our Initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Initial Business Combination
or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. 

16 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as
variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
with an affiliate of the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services provided
to members of the management team. 

The
underwriters have a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units to cover
over-allotments, if any. On November 4, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full and purchased the additional 2,250,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in
formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates or policies
to be disclosed. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus
for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors
disclosed in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

On
June 20, 2024, the Sponsor subscribed for 6,118,000 Founder Shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those
shares. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 17,250,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of 2,250,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 172,500,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 648,375 Private Placement Units
at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 6,483,750. 

Of
the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the Private Placement
Units, an aggregate of 173,362,500 was placed in the Trust Account. 

We
incurred a total of 10,113,129 in offering expenses, consisting of 3,450,000 of cash underwriting fee, 6,037,500 of deferred underwriting
fee, and 625,629 of other offering costs. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarter Report. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item
5. Other Information 

. 

18 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement,
 dated October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated
 October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust
 Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated October 31, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Units
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and BTIG LLC. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated
 October 31, 2024, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Support
 Agreement, dated October 31, 2024, by and between the Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal
 Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Incorporated herein by reference to the relevant exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 6, 2024. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

NEWBURY
 STREET II ACQUISITION CORP 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas Bushey 

Name: 
 Thomas Bushey 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 16, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jake Gudoian 

Name: 
 Jake Gudoian 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022445601ex31-1_newbury2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas Bushey, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Newbury Street II Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2024 

/s/ Thomas Bushey 

Thomas Bushey 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022445601ex31-2_newbury2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jake Gudoian, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Newbury Street II Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 16, 2024 

/s/ Jake Gudoian 

Jake Gudoian 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022445601ex32-1_newbury2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Newbury
Street II Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Thomas Bushey, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 16, 2024 

/s/ Thomas Bushey 

Thomas Bushey 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022445601ex32-2_newbury2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Newbury
Street II Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jake Gudoian, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 16, 2024 

/s/ Jake Gudoian 

Jake Gudoian 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ntwou-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ntwou-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ntwou-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ntwou-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ntwou-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

