<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_88205_0000088205-24-000059.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10407468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129675</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1699447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3917293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2347896</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2081076</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000088205-24-000059.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030174623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000088205-24-000059
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPX Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088205
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METALWORKING MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3540]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				381016240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06948
		FILM NUMBER:		241411671

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6325 ARDREY KELL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277
		BUSINESS PHONE:		980-474-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6325 ARDREY KELL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28277

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEALED POWER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880515

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000088205-24-000059.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 spxc-20240928.htm
 10-Q

spxc-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No. 
 Common shares outstanding October 25, 2024, 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-Q INDEX 
 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income Loss) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART 2 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 44 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 44 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited; in millions, except per share amounts) Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of products sold Selling, general and administrative Intangible amortization Special charges, net Other operating expense, net Operating income Other income (expense), net ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax provision ) ) ) ) Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic income (loss) per share of common stock: Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding basic Diluted income (loss) per share of common stock: Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding diluted Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited; in millions, except share data) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment: Land Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Other assets Deferred income taxes Assets of DBT and Heat Transfer (includes cash and equivalents of and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) (Note 3) 
 TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Short-term debt Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred and other income taxes Other long-term liabilities Liabilities of DBT and Heat Transfer (Note 3) Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 15) and issued and outstanding at September 28, 2024, respectively, and and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Common stock in treasury and shares at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 4 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Unaudited; in millions) 
 
 Three months ended September 28, 2024 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accum. Other Comprehensive Income Common Stock In Treasury Total Stockholders Equity Balance at June 29, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net Incentive plan activity 
 Long-term incentive compensation expense 
 Restricted stock unit vesting ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accum. Other Comprehensive Income Common Stock In Treasury Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Incentive plan activity 
 Long-term incentive compensation expense 
 Restricted stock unit vesting ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accum. Other Comprehensive Income Common Stock In Treasury Total Stockholders Equity Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Incentive plan activity 
 Long-term incentive compensation expense 
 Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accum. Other Comprehensive Income Common Stock In Treasury Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Incentive plan activity 
 Long-term incentive compensation expense 
 Restricted stock unit vesting ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 5 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited; in millions) 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from (used in) operating activities: Net income Less: Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash from operating activities: Special charges, net (Gain) loss on change in fair value of equity security ) Deferred and other income taxes ) ) Depreciation and amortization Pension and other employee benefits Long-term incentive compensation Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable and other assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other ) Cash spending on restructuring actions ) Net cash from continuing operations Net cash used in discontinued operations ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from (used in) investing activities: Proceeds/borrowings related to company-owned life insurance policies, net Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used in continuing operations ) ) Net cash used in discontinued operations Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from (used in) financing activities: Borrowings under senior credit facilities Repayments under senior credit facilities ) ) Borrowings under trade receivables arrangement Repayments under trade receivables arrangement ) ) Net repayments under other financing arrangements ) ) Minimum withholdings paid on behalf of employees for net share settlements, net of proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options ) Financing fees paid ) ) Net cash from continuing operations Net cash from discontinued operations Net cash from financing activities Change in cash and equivalents due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates ) Net change in cash and equivalents ) Consolidated cash and equivalents, beginning of period Consolidated cash and equivalents, end of period 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Components of cash and equivalents: Cash and equivalents Cash and equivalents included in assets of DBT and Heat Transfer Total cash and equivalents 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 6 

SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited; in millions, except per share data) 

(1) 
 Acquisition of TAMCO 
 
 On April 3, 2023, we completed the acquisition of T. A. Morrison Co. Inc. TAMCO ), a market leader in motorized and non-motorized dampers that control airflow in large-scale specialty applications in commercial, industrial, and institutional markets . We purchased TAMCO for cash consideration of , inclusive of an adjustment to the purchase price of paid during the third quarter of 2023 related to acquired working capital, and net of cash acquired of . The post-acquisition operating results of TAMCO are reflected within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 
 Acquisition of ASPEQ 
 
 On June 2, 2023, we completed the acquisition of ASPEQ Heating Group ASPEQ ), a leading provider of electrical heating solutions to customers in industrial and commercial markets. We purchased ASPEQ for cash consideration of , net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of received during the fourth quarter of 2023 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of . The post-acquisition operating results of ASPEQ are reflected within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 
 Acquisition of Ing nia 
 On February 7, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Ing nia Technologies Inc. Ing nia which specializes in the design and manufacture of custom air handling units that demand high levels of precision and reliability in healthcare, pharmaceutical, education, food processing and industrial end markets. We purchased Ing nia for cash consideration of , net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of during the third quarter of 2024 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of . Under the terms of the purchase and sales agreement, the seller is eligible for additional cash consideration of up to Canadian Dollar CAD (or at the time of acquisition), with payment scheduled to be made in the event certain contingent liabilities do not materialize. The estimated fair value of such contingent consideration is , which is reflected as a liability in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. The post-acquisition results of Ing nia are reflected within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Ing nia transaction have been recorded at estimates of fair value as determined by management, based on information available and assumptions as to future operations and are subject to change, primarily for the final assessment and valuation of certain income tax amounts. 
 
 Other 
 7 

(2) 

(3) 
 , net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of during the third quarter of 2024 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of . We financed the acquisition with available borrowings on our revolving credit facilities under our senior credit facilities. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded at preliminary estimates of fair value as determined by management, based on information currently available and on current assumptions as to future operations and are subject to change upon completion of the acquisition method of accounting. Final determination of the fair values of certain assets and liabilities will be completed within the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, as permitted under GAAP. The excess of the purchase price over the total of the estimated fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. In order to determine the fair values of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed for Ing nia, we engaged a third-party independent valuation specialist. 

8 

Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities assumed Deferred and other income taxes Net assets acquired 
 
 The identifiable intangible assets acquired consis t of technology, customer relationships, trademarks, and customer backlog of , , , and , respectively, with suc h amounts based on a preliminary assessment of the related fair values. We expect to amortize the technology, customer relationships, trademarks, and customer backlog assets ove r , , , and years, respectively. 
 
 We acquired gro ss receivables of , which had the same fair value at the acquisition date based on our estimates of cash flows expected to be recovered. 
 
 The qualitative factors that comprise the recorded goodwill include expected market growth for Ing nia's existing operations, increased volumes achieved by selling Ing nia s products through existing SPX sales channels, procurement and operational savings and efficiencies, and various other factors. We expect ne of the goodwill described above to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 We recognized revenues and net income for Ing nia of and , and and , r espectively, for the three and nine months ended September 28 , 2024, with net income impacted by charges during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 of (i) and , respectively, associated with amortization of the various intangible assets mentioned above and (ii) and , respectively, associate d with the excess fair value (over historical cost) of inventory acquired which was subsequently sold. 
 
 Addition ally, during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we incurred acquisition-related costs for Ing nia of and , respectively, which have been recorded to Selling, general and administrative within our condensed consolidated statements of operations and Corporate expense within consolidated operating income, as further described in Note 6. 
 
 Acquisition of ASPEQ 
 
 As indicated in Note 1, on June 2, 2023, we completed the acquisition of ASPEQ for , net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of received during the fourth quarter of 2023 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of . We financed the acquisition with available cash and borrowings under our senior credit facilities. The excess of the purchase price over the total of the fair values assigned to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. In order to determine the fair values of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed for ASPEQ, we engaged a third-party independent valuation specialist. 

9 

Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities assumed Non-current liabilities assumed (1) 
 Net assets acquired 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Includes net deferred income tax liabilities and other liabilities of and , respectively. 
 
 The identifiable intangible assets acquired consist of customer relationships, trademarks, technology, and customer backlog of , , , and , respectively, with such amounts based on a final assessment of the related fair values. We expect to amortize the ASPEQ customer relationships, technology, and customer backlog assets over , , and years, respectively, with the trademarks acquired being indefinite-lived. 
 
 We acquired gross receivables of , which had a fair value at the acquisition date of , respectively, based on our estimates of cash flows expected to be recovered. 
 
 The qualitative factors that comprise the recorded goodwill include expected market growth for ASPEQ s existing operations, increased volumes achieved by selling ASPEQ s products through existing SPX sales channels, procurement and operational savings and efficiencies, and various other factors. 
 
 Income from continuing operations Net income (loss) ) Income from continuing operations per share of common stock: Basic Diluted Net income (loss) per share of common stock: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 10 

large power projects in South Africa (Kusile and Medupi), in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result of completing the wind-down plan, we are reporting DBT as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. As previously disclosed, DBT had asserted claims against the remaining prime contractor on the large projects, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Power ZAF (f.k.a. Mitsubishi-Hitachi Power Systems Africa (PTY) LTD) MHI ), which had also asserted claims against DBT. 
 
 As previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, on September 5, 2023, DBT and SPX entered into an agreement with MHI to resolve all claims between the parties with respect to the large power projects in South Africa (the Settlement Agreement ). The Settlement Agreement provides for full and final settlement and mutual release of all claims between the parties with respect to the projects, including any claim against SPX Technologies, Inc. as guarantor of DBT's performance on the projects. It also provides that the underlying subcontracts are terminated and all obligations of both parties under the subcontracts have been satisfied in full. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, we incurred a charge, net of tax, of during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The charge included the write-off of in net amounts due from MHI. Such charge is included in Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Prior to the Settlement Agreement, on February 22, 2021, a dispute adjudication panel issued a ruling in favor of DBT against MHI related to costs incurred in connection with delays on units of the Kusile project. In connection with the ruling, DBT received South African Rand (or at the time of payment). This ruling was subject to final and binding arbitration in this matter. In March 2023, an arbitration tribunal upheld the decision of the dispute adjudication panel. As a result, South African Rand (or was recorded as income during the first quarter of 2023, with such amount recorded within Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax. Additionally, in June 2023, the arbitration tribunal ruled DBT was entitled to recover of legal costs incurred related to the arbitration. Such amount was recorded to Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax during the second quarter of 2023 with the cash payment received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Additionally, in May 2023, a separate arbitration tribunal ruled DBT was entitled to recover of legal costs incurred related to another prior arbitration. Such amount was recorded within Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax during the second quarter of 2023 with the cash payment received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 

11 

Accounts receivable, net Other current assets (1) 
 Property, plant and equipment: Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) Property, plant and equipment, net Total assets of DBT LIABILITIES Accounts payable (1)(2) 
 Contract liabilities (1) 
 Accrued expenses (1) 
 Other long-term liabilities (1) 
 Total liabilities of DBT 
 ___________________________ 
 
 (1) Balances relate primarily to disputed amounts due to or from a subcontractor engaged by DBT during the Kusile project, that is currently in liquidation. The timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters is uncertain as they are likely to occur as part of the liquidation process. 
 
 (or at December 31, 2023), which was paid at the time of payment) during the third quarter of 2024. In connection with this remaining obligation, we entered into a foreign currency forward contract which we accounted for as a fair value hedge and matured at the time of the final payment to MHI. The resulting cash received of is presented within Net cash used in discontinued operations within the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Refer to Note 13 for additional details. There are no further payment obligations to MHI under the terms of the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 Wind-Down of the Heat Transfer Business 
 
 We completed the wind-down of our SPX Heat Transfer Heat Transfer business in the fourth quarter of 2020. As a result of completing the wind-down plan, we are reporting Heat Transfer as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. 
 The assets and liabilities of Heat Transfer have been included within Assets of DBT and Heat Transfer and Liabilities of DBT and Heat Transfer, respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Other assets Total assets of Heat Transfer LIABILITIES Accounts payable Total liabilities of Heat Transfer 
 
 12 

) ) ) Income tax benefit Loss from discontinued operations, net ) ) ) ) All other Loss from discontinued operations (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax provision ) Loss from discontinued operations, net ) ) ) ) Total Loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net ) ) ) ) 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from the charge, and related income tax impacts, recorded in connection with the Settlement Agreement referred to above and legal costs incurred in connection with the various dispute resolution matters. This loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was partially offset by the arbitration awards received, which are discussed above. 
 (2) Loss for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from revisions to liabilities retained in connection with prior dispositions. 
 Net cash used in discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 related primarily to the final cash payment of South African Rand at time of payment) made by DBT to MHI during the three months ended September 28, 2024 in connection with the Settlement Agreement, partially offset by from the foreign currency forward contract mentioned above. 
 
 Net cash used in discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related primarily to (i) cash payments of made by DBT to MHI during the three months ended September 30, 2023 in connection with the Settlement Agreement, (ii) disbursements of for professional fees and support costs incurred principally in connection with the claims resolved by the Settlement Agreement, and (iii) local taxes of paid in South Africa, which we subsequently recovered during the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by recovery of legal costs we were awarded in arbitration proceeds between DBT and MHI of mentioned above. 

13 

(4) 
 Boilers, electrical heating, and ventilation Underground locators, inspection and rehabilitation equipment, and robotic systems Communication technologies, aids to navigation, and transportation systems Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenues recognized at a point in time Revenues recognized over time 
 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 Reportable Segments HVAC Detection and Measurement Total Major product lines Package and process cooling equipment and services, and engineered air movement solutions Boilers, electrical heating, and ventilation Underground locators, inspection and rehabilitation equipment, and robotic systems Communication technologies, aids to navigation, and transportation systems Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenues recognized at a point in time Revenues recognized over time 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 Reportable Segments HVAC Detection and Measurement Total Major product lines Package and process cooling equipment and services, and engineered air movement solutions Boilers, electrical heating, and ventilation Underground locators, inspection and rehabilitation equipment, and robotic systems Communication technologies, aids to navigation, and transportation systems Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenues recognized at a point in time Revenues recognized over time 
 
 14 

Boilers, electrical heating, and ventilation Underground locators, inspection and rehabilitation equipment, and robotic systems Communication technologies, aids to navigation, and transportation systems Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenues recognized at a point in time Revenues recognized over time 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Our customers are invoiced for products and services at the time of delivery or based on contractual milestones, resulting in outstanding receivables with payment terms from these customers Contract Accounts Receivable ). In some cases, the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for revenue recognized over time, differs from when such amounts are invoiced to customers, resulting in a contract asset (revenue recognition precedes the invoicing of the related revenue amount) or a contract liability (payment from the customer precedes recognition of the related revenue amount). Contract assets and liabilities are generally classified as current. On a contract-by-contract basis, the contract assets and contract liabilities are reported net within our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract Assets Contract Liabilities - current ) ) Contract Liabilities - non-current (2) 
 ) ) ) Net contract balance 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Included in Accounts receivable, net within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Included in Other long-term liabilities within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 The timing of revenue recognition, invoicing and cash collections results in contract accounts receivable, contract assets, and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. In general, we receive payments from customers based on a billing schedule established in our contracts. During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, changes in contract balances were not materially impacted by any other factors besides the acquisition of Ing nia. At September 28, 2024, contract account receivables and current contract liabilities attributable to Ing nia were and , respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recognized revenues of and , respectively, related to our contract liabilities at December 31, 2023. 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the aggre gate amount allocated to remaining performance obligations was . We expect to recognize revenue on approximately and of these remaining performance obligations o ver the next and months, respectively, with the remaining recognized thereafter. 

15 

(5) 
 , recorded as a non-cash activity within the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 
 Other assets Operating lease current liabilities Accrued expenses Operating lease non-current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liability 
 
 The weighted average remaining lease term (years) of our operating leases as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were as follows: 
 
 September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating Leases 
 
 The discount rate utilized to determine the present value of lease payments over the lease term is our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement date. In developing the incremental borrowing rate, we considered the interest rate that reflects a term similar to the underlying lease term on a fully collateralized basis. We concluded to apply the incremental borrowing rate at a consolidated portfolio level using a five-year term, as the results did not materially differ upon further stratification. The weighted-average discount rate for our operating leases was and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 

(6) 
 countries and sales in over countries around the world. 
 We have aggregated our operating segments into the following reportable segments: HVAC and Detection and Measurement. The factors considered in determining our aggregated segments are the economic similarity of the businesses, the nature of products sold or services provided, production processes, types of customers, distribution methods, and regulatory environment. In determining our reportable segments, we apply the threshold criteria of the Segment Reporting Topic of the Codification. Segment Income is determined before considering, if applicable, impairment and special charges, long-term incentive compensation, certain other operating income/expense, other indirect corporate expenses, intangible asset amortization expense, inventory step-up charges, and certain other acquisition and integration-related costs. This is consistent with the way our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM evaluates the results of each segment. 
 16 

Detection and Measurement reportable segment Consolidated revenues Income: HVAC reportable segment Detection and Measurement reportable segment Total income for segments Corporate expense Acquisition-related and other costs (1) 
 Long-term incentive compensation expense Amortization of acquired intangible assets Special charges, net Other operating expense, net (2) 
 Consolidated operating income 
 ________________________________ 
 (1) Represents integration costs incurred of and during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, including additional Cost of products sold related to the step-up of inventory (to fair value) acquired in connection with the Ing nia acquisition of during nine months ended September 28, 2024, and the ASPEQ acquisition of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents a charge of related to a settlement with the seller of ULC Robotics ULC regarding additional contingent consideration. 
 
 17 

(7) 
 Detection and Measurement reportable segment Total 
 
 HVAC Special charges, net for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 related primarily to recording severance costs associated with a restructuring action at one of the segment s cooling businesses. 
 Detection and Measurement Special charges, net for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 related primarily to recording severance costs associated with a restructuring action at the segment s location and inspection businesses. In addition, special charges, net for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 included severance costs associated with a restructuring action at the segment s aids to navigation business. 
 No significant future charges are expected to be incurred under actions approved as of September 28, 2024. 
 Special charges Utilization cash ) Balance at end of period 

(8) 
 Work in process Raw materials and purchased parts Total inventories 

18 

(9) 
 Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Goodwill Detection and Measurement reportable segment Gross goodwill Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Goodwill Total Gross goodwill Accumulated impairments ) ) ) Goodwill __________________________ 
 (1) Reflects (i) goodwill acquired with the Ing nia acquisition of and (ii) an increase in ASPEQ and TAMCO goodwill of and , respectively, resulting from revisions to the valuation of certain assets and liabilities. As indicated in Notes 1 and 3, the acquired assets, including goodwill, and liabilities assumed in the In g nia acquisition have been recorded at estimates of fair value and are subject to change upon completion of acquisition accounting. 
 
 Other Intangibles, Net 
 ) ) Technology ) ) Patents ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Trademarks with indefinite lives Total ) ) 
 __________________________ 
 , customer relationships of , definite-lived trademarks of , and backlog of . 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Ing nia, which has definite-lived intangible assets as noted above, we updated our estimated annual amortization expense related to intangible assets to approximately for the full year 2024, for 2025, and for each of the three years thereafter. 
 At September 28, 2024, the net carrying value of intangible assets with determinable lives consisted of in the HVAC reportable segment and in the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. At September 28, 2024, trademarks with indefinite lives consisted of in the HVAC reportable segment and in the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. 
 19 

. 

(10) 
 Acquisitions Provisions Usage ) ) Currency translation adjustment ) Balance at end of period Less: Current portion of warranty Non-current portion of warranty 

(11) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net periodic pension benefit expense 

Foreign Pension Plans Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net periodic pension benefit (income) expense ) ) 
 
 20 

Interest cost Amortization of unrecognized prior service credits ) ) ) ) Net periodic postretirement benefit income ) ) ) ) 

(12) 
 ) Term loans (2) 
 ) Trade receivables financing arrangement (3) 
 ) Other indebtedness (4) 
 ) Total debt ) Less: short-term debt Less: current maturities of long-term debt Total long-term debt, net 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The revolving credit facility extends through August 2027 under the terms of our senior credit agreement and is primarily used to provide liquidity for funding acquisitions, including related fees and expenses, and was utilized as the primary funding mechanism for the Ing nia acquisition. 
 (2) The term loans are repayable in quarterly installments equal to of the initial balances of , in each of the first three quarters of 2024, and during the fourth quarter of 2024, all quarters of 2025 and 2026, and the first two quarters of 2027. The remaining balances are payable in full on August 12, 2027. Balances are net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Under this arrangement, we can borrow, on a continuous basis, up to , as available. Borrowings under this arrangement are collateralized by eligible trade receivables of certain of our businesses. At September 28, 2024, we had of available borrowing capacity under this facility after giving effect to outstanding borrowings of . 
 (4) Primarily includes balances under a purchase card program of and and finance lease obligations of and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The purchase card program allows for payment beyond the normal payment terms for goods and services acquired under the program. As this arrangement extends the payment of these purchases beyond their normal payment terms through third-party lending institutions, we have classified these amounts as short-term debt. 
 
 Senior Credit Facilities 
 A detailed description of our senior credit facilities is included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On August 30, 2024, we entered into a Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Incremental Facility Activation Notice (the Second Amendment with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), the lenders party thereto, and certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, which amends our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2022 (as amended, the Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, as foreign trade facility agent, and the Administrative Agent. 
 The Second Amendment increases the aggregate revolving credit commitments under the Credit Agreement from to and makes certain conforming changes and other amendments to the Credit Agreement. We expect to utilize the increased revolving credit capacity to finance, in part, permitted acquisitions, to pay related fees, costs and expenses and for other lawful corporate purposes. In connection with the Second Amendment, we recorded of debt issuance costs classified within Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 At September 28, 2024, we had of available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, after giving effect to borrowings under the domestic revolving loan facilities of and reserved for outstanding letters of 
 21 

of available issuance capacity under our foreign credit instrument facilities after giving effect to reserved for outstanding letters of credit. 
 The weighted-average interest rate of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement was approximately at September 28, 2024. 
 At September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Other Borrowings and Financing Activities 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we renewed, and increased the capacity of, our trade receivables financing agreement for the next 12 months, whereby we can borrow, on a continuous basis, up to , as available. 
 Company-owned Life Insurance 
 against the cash surrender value of these COLI policies. Such borrowings were primarily used to pay down amounts payable under the revolving credit facility. The amounts borrowed incur interest at a rate of . The cash surrender value of the Company s investments in COLI assets, net of the aforementioned borrowing, was and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, recorded in Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

(13) 
 , cover the period through November 202 4, and effectively convert this portion of the borrowings under our senior credit facilities to a fixed rate of , plus the applicable margin. In September 2024, commensurate with the Second Amendment, we entered into additional interest rate swap agreements Additional Swaps ). The Additional Swaps have a notional amount of , cover the period from December 2024 to June 2026, and effectively convert this portion of the borrowings under our senior credit facilities to a fixed rate of , plus the applicable margin. We have designated, and are accounting for, our Initial Swaps and Additional Swaps as cash flow hedges. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the unrealized gain (loss), net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI was ) and , respectively. In addition, as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of our interest rate swap agreements was a net liability of (with recorded as a current asset, as a current liability, and as a non-current liability) and a current asset of , respectively. Changes in the fair value of our interest rate swap agreements are reclassified into earnings, as a component of interest expense, when the forecasted transaction impacts earnings. 

We had FX forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, with all of the scheduled to mature within one year. There were unrealized 
 22 

at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition to the above, we entered FX forward contracts associated with the Settlement Agreement, to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in the South African Rand, with a notional amount of South African Rand (or at the time of execution) and a fair value of at December 31, 2023, which was included within Assets of DBT and Heat Transfer on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. These FX forward contracts matured during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 commensurate with the final payment under the Settlement Agreement, resulting in cash received of presented within Net cash used in discontinued operations within the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Refer to Note 3 for additional details. 

(14) 
 Dilutive securities Employee stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive securities used in diluted income per share 
 
 The weighted-average number of restricted stock units and stock options excluded from the computation of diluted income per share because the assumed proceeds for these instruments exceed the average market value of the underlying common stock for the related period were and , r espectively, for the three mon ths ended September 28, 2024, and and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 The weighted-average number of restricted stock units and stock options excluded from the computation of diluted income per share because the assumed proceeds for these instruments exceed the average market value of the underlying common stock for the related period were and , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and and , respectively, for the nine months ende d September 30, 2023 . 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 
 Long-term incentive compensation awards may be granted to certain eligible employees or non-employee directors. A detailed description of the awards granted prior to 2024 is included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Awards granted on February 28, 2024 to executive officers and other members of senior management were comprised of performance stock units PSU s ), stock options, and time-based restricted stock units RSU s ), while other eligible employees were granted PSU s and RSU s. The PSU s are eligible to vest at the end of a performance period, with performance based on the total return of our stock over the performance period against a peer group within the combined S P 600 Small Cap Capital Goods Index and S P 400 Mid Cap Capital Goods Index. Stock options and RSU s vest ratably over the period subsequent to the date of grant. 
 Effective May 14, 2024, we granted RSU s to our non-employee directors, which vest in their entirety immediately prior to the annual meeting of stockholders in May 2025. 
 
 C ompensation expense within income from continuing operations related to long-term incentive awards totaled and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively, an d an d for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively. The related tax benefit w as and for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months e nded September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , respectively. 

23 

of our common stock, subject to maintaining compliance with all covenants of our senior credit agreement. share repurchases were effected pursuant to this and prior authorizations during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at end of period ) 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Net of tax provision (benefit) o f ) and as of September 28, 2024 and June 29, 2024, respectively. 
 (2) Net of tax provision of and as of September 28, 2024 and June 29, 2024, respectively. The balances as of September 28, 2024 and June 29, 2024 include unamortized prior service credits. 
 
 The changes in the components of AOCI, net of tax, for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were as follows: Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Qualifying Cash 
 Flow Hedges (1) 
 Pension and 
 Postretirement 
 Liability 
 Adjustment (2) 
 Total Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) 
 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Net of tax provision (benefit) of ) and as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Net of tax provision of and as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The balances as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 include unamortized prior service credits. 
 The changes in the components of AOCI, net of tax, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Net Unrealized Gains 
 on Qualifying Cash 
 Flow Hedges (1) 
 Pension and 
 Postretirement 
 Liability 
 Adjustment (2) 
 Total Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period __________________________ 
 (1) Net of tax provision of and as of September 30, 2023 and July 1, 2023. 
 (2) Net of tax provision of and as of September 30, 2023 and July 1, 2023, respectively. The balances as of September 30, 2023 and July 1, 2023 include unamortized prior service credits. 
 24 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) ) Current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period __________________________ 
 (1) Net of tax provision of and as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 and as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The balances as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022 include unamortized prior service credits.) ) Interest expense Pre-tax ) ) Income taxes ) ) Gains on pension and postretirement items: Amortization of unrecognized prior service credits - Pre-tax ) ) Other income (expense), net Income taxes ) ) 
 The following summarizes amounts reclassified from each component of AOCI for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Amount Reclassified from AOCI Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Affected Line Item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Gains on qualifying cash flow hedges: Swaps ) ) Interest expense Pre-tax ) ) Income taxes ) ) Gains on pension and postretirement items: Amortization of unrecognized prior service credits - Pre-tax ) ) Other income (expense), net Income taxes ) ) 
 25 

(15) 
 and at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of these amounts, and are included in Other long-term liabilities within our condensed consolidated balance sheets at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, with the remainder included in Accrued expenses. The liabilities we record for these matters are based on a number of assumptions, including historical claims and payment experience. While we base our assumptions on facts currently known to us, they entail inherently subjective judgments and uncertainties. As a result, our current assumptions for estimating these liabilities may not prove accurate, and we may be required to adjust these liabilities in the future, which could result in charges to earnings. These variances relative to current expectations could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations in future periods. 
 Large Power Projects in South Africa 
 Overview - Since 2008, DBT had been executing on large power projects in South Africa (Kusile and Medupi), on which it has completed its scope of work. During that time, the business environment surrounding these projects was difficult, as DBT, along with many other contractors on the projects, experienced delays, cost over-runs, and various other challenges associated with a complex set of contractual relationships among the end customer, prime contractors, various subcontractors (including DBT and its subcontractors), and various suppliers. DBT had asserted claims against the remaining prime contractor, MHI, and MHI had asserted, or issued letters of intent to claim for, alleged damages against DBT. As previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and as mentioned in Note 3, on September 5, 2023, DBT and SPX entered into the Settlement Agreement to resolve all claims between the parties with respect to the large power projects. The Settlement Agreement provides for full and final settlement and the mutual release of all claims between the parties with respect to the projects, including any claim against SPX Technologies, Inc. as guarantor of DBT s performance on the projects. Refer to Note 3 for additional details. Prior to the Settlement Agreement, DBT had experienced success in enforcing its rights through dispute resolution processes, including a favorable arbitration ruling during the first quarter of 2023 related to awards for costs incurred in connection with delays on the Kusile project of South African Rand (or with such amount recorded to Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax during the first quarter of 2023. Additionally, in June 2023, the arbitration tribunal ruled DBT was entitled to recover of legal costs incurred related to the arbitration. Such amount was recorded to Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax during the second quarter of 2023 with the cash payment received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Additionally, in May 2023, a separate arbitration tribunal ruled DBT was entitled to recover of legal costs incurred related to another prior arbitration. Such amount was recor ded within Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax during the second quarter of 2023 with the cash payment received during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Claim against Surety - On February 5, 2021, DBT received payment of on bonds issued in support of performance by one of DBT s subcontractors. The subcontractor, currently in liquidation, maintains a right to seek recovery of such amount and, thus, the amount received by DBT has not been reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Claim for Contingent Consideration Related to ULC Acquisition 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of ULC in September 2020, the seller of ULC was eligible to receive additional contingent consideration of up to under an earn-out provision. During the third quarter of 2021, we concluded that none of the milestones for the payment of any of the contingent consideration were achieved. 
 26 

, prejudgment interest on that amount, and attorney's fees. The settlement agreement required a payment by us to the seller of ULC of , which was paid during the second quarter of 2024, with a corresponding charge recorded within Other operating expense, net within the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. We expect this payment to be tax deductible in future periods. 
 
 Resolution of Dispute with Former Representative 
 
 On January 18, 2024, a jury ruled that one of our businesses within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment had breached its contract and implied duties of good faith and fair dealings in connection with an agreement entered into with a former representative. On January 26, 2024, we negotiated a settlement requiring a payment, paid during the first quarter of 2024, to the former representative of to resolve all claims related to the matter. This amount was recorded within Accrued Liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Litigation Matters 
 We are subject to other legal matters that arise in the normal course of business. We believe these matters are either without merit or of a kind that should not have a material effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows; however, we cannot assure you that these proceedings or claims will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations and properties are subject to federal, state, local and foreign regulatory requirements relating to environmental protection. It is our policy to comply fully with all applicable requirements. As part of our effort to comply, we have a comprehensive environmental compliance program that includes environmental audits conducted by internal and external independent professionals, as well as regular communications with our operating units regarding environmental compliance requirements and anticipated regulations. Based on current information, we believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we are not aware of any violations that could have a material effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows. We had liabilities for site investigation and/or remediation at sites that we own or control, or formerly owned and controlled, as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In addition, while we believe that we maintain adequate accruals to cover the costs of site investigation and/or remediation for compliance with existing laws and regulations of at September 28, 2024, we cannot provide assurance that new matters, developments, laws and regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws and regulations will not materially affect our business or operations in the future. 
 Our environmental accruals cover anticipated costs, including investigation, remediation, and maintenance of clean-up sites. Our estimates are based primarily on investigations and remediation plans established by independent consultants, regulatory agencies and potentially responsible third parties. Accordingly, our estimates may change based on future developments, including new or changes in existing environmental laws or policies, differences in costs required to complete anticipated actions from estimates provided, changes in our allocation of shared remediation costs, future findings of investigation or remediation actions, or alteration to the expected remediation plans. It is our policy to revise an estimate once the revision becomes probable and the amount of change can be reasonably estimated. We generally do not discount our environmental accruals and do not reduce them by anticipated insurance recoveries. We take into account third-party indemnification from financially viable parties in determining our accruals where there is no dispute regarding the right to indemnification. 
 In the case of contamination at offsite, third-party disposal sites, as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we have been notified that we are potentially responsible and have received other notices of potential liability pursuant to various environmental laws at sites, at which the liability has not been settled and all of which have been active in the past few years. These laws may impose liability on certain persons that are considered jointly and severally liable for the costs of investigation and remediation of hazardous substances present at these sites, regardless of fault or legality of the original disposal. These persons include the present or former owners or operators of the site and companies that generated, disposed of or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances at the site. We are considered a de minimis potentially responsible party at most of the sites. We conduct extensive environmental due diligence with respect to potential acquisitions, including environmental site assessments and such further testing as we may deem warranted. If an environmental matter is identified, we estimate the cost and either establish a liability, purchase insurance or obtain an indemnity from a financially sound seller; however, in connection with our acquisitions or dispositions, we may assume or retain significant environmental liabilities, some of which we may be unaware. The potential costs related to these environmental matters and the possible impact on future operations are uncertain due in part to the complexity of government laws and regulations and their interpretations, the varying costs and 
 27 

(16) 
 . All of these unrecognized tax benefits would impact our effective tax rate from continuing operations if recognized. 
 We classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of our income tax provision. As of September 28, 2024, gross and net accrued interest totaled . As of September 28, 2024, we had accrual for penalties included in our unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Based on the outcome of certain examinations or as a result of the expiration of statutes of limitations for certain jurisdictions, we do not believe that within the next 12 months our previously unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by a material amount. The previously unrecognized tax benefits relate to a variety of tax matters including transfer pricing and various state matters. 
 Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD Pillar Two Model Rules 
 In December 2021, the OECD issued model rules for a new global minimum tax framework Pillar Two ), and various governments around the world have issued, or are in the process of issuing, legislation to implement these rules. The Company is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules and is assessing the impact thereof. As of September 28, 2024, we believe the implementation of these rules will not have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Other Tax Matters 
 For the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded an income tax provision of on of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of . This compares to an income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of on of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of . The most significant items impacting the income tax provision for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 were of tax benefits in 2024 resulting from increased federal tax credits and of foreign withholding tax in 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded an income tax provision of on of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of . This compares to an income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of on of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of . The most significant items impacting the income tax provision during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were (i) and , respectively, of excess tax benefits resulting from stock-based compensation awards that vested and/or were exercised during the periods, (ii) of tax benefits in 2024 resulting from increased federal tax credits, and (iii) of tax provision and of tax benefit, respectively, related to revisions to liabilities for uncertain tax positions. In addition, the 2023 rate was favorably impacted by a tax benefit of related to the release of valuation allowances recognized against certain deferred tax assets, as we now expect these deferred tax assets to be realized. 

28 

(17) 
 There were no changes during the periods presented to the valuation techniques we use to measure asset and liability fair values on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. There were no transfers between the three levels of the fair value hierarchy for the periods pres ented. 
 Contingent Consideration for the Ing nia Acquisition In connection with the acquisition of Ing nia, the seller is el igible for additional cash consideration of up to CAD (or at the time of acquisition), with payment scheduled to be made in the event certain contingent liabilities do not materialize. The estimated fair value of such contingent consideration is , wh ich is reflected as a liability in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024 . 
 Equity Security We estimate the fair value of an equity security that we hold utilizing a practical expedient under existing guidance, with such estimated fair value based on our ownership percentage applied to the net asset value as provided 
 29 

and ), and and , respectively, to Other income (expense), net to reflect changes in the estimated fair value of the equity security. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the equity security had an estimated fair value of and , respectively. 
 
 Indebtedness and Other The estimated fair value of our debt instruments as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 approximated the related carrying values due primarily to the variable market-based interest rates for such instruments. Se e Note 12 f or further details. 
 30 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (in millions) 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements in this document and any documents incorporated by reference, including any statements as to operational and financial projections, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our businesses or our industries actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Such statements may address our plans, our strategies, our prospects, changes and trends in our business and the markets in which we operate under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A or in other sections of this document. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, could, would, should, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, predict, project, potential or continue or the negative of those terms or other comparable terminology. Particular risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, include the following: cyclical changes and specific industry events in the Company s markets; changes in anticipated capital investment and maintenance expenditures by customers; availability, limitations or cost increases of raw materials and/or commodities that cannot be recovered in product pricing; the impact of competition on profit margins and the Company s ability to maintain or increase market share; inadequate performance by third-party suppliers and subcontractors for outsourced products, components and services and other supply-chain risks; the uncertainty of claims resolution with respect to environmental and other contingent liabilities; the impact of climate change and any legal or regulatory actions taken in response thereto; cyber-security risks; risks with respect to the protection of intellectual property, including with respect to the Company s digitalization initiatives; the impact of overruns, inflation and the incurrence of delays with respect to long-term fixed-price contracts; defects or errors in current or planned products; the impact of pandemics and governmental and other actions taken in response; domestic economic, political, legal, accounting and business developments adversely affecting the Company s business, including regulatory changes; changes in worldwide economic conditions, including as a result of geopolitical conflicts; uncertainties with respect to the Company s ability to identify acceptable acquisition targets; uncertainties surrounding timing and successful completion of acquisition or disposition transactions, including with respect to integrating acquisitions and achieving cost savings or other benefits from acquisitions; the impact of retained liabilities of disposed businesses; potential labor disputes; and extreme weather conditions and natural and other disasters. These statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. In addition, management s estimates of future operating results are based on our current complement of businesses, which is subject to change as management selects strategic markets. 
 
 All the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, in any subsequent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as in any documents incorporated by reference that describe risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We caution you that these risk factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment and frequently enter into new businesses and product lines. We cannot predict these new risk factors, and we cannot assess the impact, if any, of these new risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. We disclaim any responsibility to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this document. 
 
 POTENTIAL IMPACTS OF GEOPOLITICAL CONFLICTS 
 
 Ongoing geopolitical conflicts, and governmental actions implemented in response to these conflicts, did not have a significant adverse impact on our operating results during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. We are monitoring the availability of certain raw materials that are supplied by businesses in the countries impacted by these conflicts. However, at this time, we do not expect the potential impact to be material to our operating results. These conflicts have created additional demand for certain products within our communication technologies business. The longer-term impact of these global events on our business is currently unknown due to the uncertainty around their duration and broader impact. 

31 

OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 T. A. Morrison Co. Inc. TAMCO 
 Acquired on April 3, 2023 for cash consideration of 125.5, inclusive of an adjustment to the purchase price of 0.2 paid during the third quarter of 2023 related to acquired working capital, and net of cash acquired of 1.0 . 
 Post-acquisition operating results of TAMCO are included within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 
 ASPEQ Heating Group ASPEQ 
 Acquired on June 2, 2023 for cash consideration of 421.5, net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of 0.3 received during the fourth quarter of 2023 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of 0.9. 
 Post-acquisition operating results of ASPEQ are included within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 
 Ing nia Technologies Inc. Ing nia 
 Acquired on February 7, 2024 for cash consideration of Canadian Dollar CAD 393.9 (or 292.0), net of (i) an adjustment to the purchase price of 2.1 during the third quarter of 2024 related to acquired working capital and (ii) cash acquired of 1.5. 
 Under the terms of the purchase and sales agreement, the seller is eligible for additional cash consideration of up to CAD 3.0 (or 2.2 at the time of acquisition), with payment scheduled to be made in the event certain contingent liabilities do not materialize. The estimated fair value of such contingent consideration is 0.3, which is reflected as a liability in our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 Post-acquisition operating results of Ing nia are included within our HVAC reportable segment. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 On August 30, 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement governing our senior credit facilities (as amended, the Credit Agreement . 
 The amendment increases the aggregate revolving credit commitments under the Credit Agreement from 500.0 to 1,000.0 and makes certain conforming changes and other amendments to the Credit Agreement. 
 We expect to utilize the increased revolving credit capacity to finance, in part, permitted acquisitions, to pay related fees, costs and expenses and for other lawful corporate purposes. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we renewed, and increased the capacity of, our trade receivables financing agreement for the next 12 months, whereby we can borrow, on a continuous basis, up to 100.0, as available. 
 See Note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Changes in Estimated Fair Value of an Equity Security 
 We recorded no adjustments to the fair value of an equity security that we hold during the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. We recorded gains (losses) of (4.2) and 3.6 during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 See Note 17 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Resolution of Dispute with Seller of ULC Robotics ULC 
 In connection with our acquisition of ULC in September 2020, the seller of ULC was eligible for contingent consideration of up to 45.0 under an earn-out provision. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, we concluded that none of the milestones for the payment of any of the contingent consideration had been achieved. 
 On May 20, 2024, we entered into a settlement agreement with the seller of ULC to resolve a lawsuit it commenced in August 2022 seeking contingent consideration of 15.0, prejudgment interest on that amount, and attorney's fees. 
 The settlement agreement required a payment by us to the seller of ULC of 8.4, which was paid during the second quarter of 2024, with a corresponding charge recorded within Other operating expense, net within our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024. We expect this payment to be tax deductible in future periods. 
 
 Incremental Term Loan 
 On April 21, 2023, the Credit Agreement was amended to provide for an additional senior secured term loan in the aggregate amount of 300.0, which was borrowed during the second quarter of 2023. 
 32 

The funds from the additional term loan Incremental Term Loan were used to partially fund the acquisition of ASPEQ. 
 See Note 12 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Resolution of Claims with Prime Contractor of South Africa Power Projects 
 On September 5, 2023, SPX Technologies and our DBT Technologies (PTY) LTD DBT business entered into an agreement with MHI to affect the negotiated resolution of all claims between the parties with respect to DBT s involvement in two large power projects in South Africa - Kusile and Medupi (the Settlement Agreement ). 
 In connection with the Settlement Agreement, the Company incurred a charge, net of tax, of 54.2 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The charge included the write-off of 15.2 in net amounts due from MHI. Such charge is included in Loss on disposition of discontinued operations, net of tax for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition, DBT made payments of 25.1 (net of 2.0 received on a related foreign currency forward agreement) and 25.3 to MHI during the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the Settlement Agreement. 
 There are no further payment obligations to MHI under the terms of the Settlement Agreement. 
 See Notes 3 and 15 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 

OVERVIEW OF OPERATING RESULTS 
 Revenues for the three months ended September 28, 2024, totaled 483.7 compared to 448.7 during the respective period in 2023. The increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment and (ii) inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia acquisition within the HVAC reportable segment, partially offset by an organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. The organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment was due primarily to increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity. The organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment was primarily driven by lower large project volume within our communication technologies business associated with a larger-than-typical project that executed throughout 2023 and completed during the first quarter of 2024. This decline was partially offset by higher project volumes at our transportation and aids to navigation businesses, in which volume can vary from period to period based on project execution timing. 
 
 Revenues for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, totaled 1,450.2 compared to 1,271.8 during the respective period in 2023. The increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions (each within the HVAC reportable segment) and (ii) organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment, partially offset by an organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. The organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment was due primarily to (i) increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity and (ii) execution of a larger-than-typical service project. These increases were partially offset by organic revenue declines of heating products due primarily to (i) the unseasonably warm winter conditions prevalent in the relevant end markets during the first quarter of 2024 and (ii) higher volumes during the first quarter of 2023 that was supported by elevated backlog resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment was primarily driven by (i) lower large project volume within our communication technologies business associated with a larger-than-typical project that executed throughout 2023 and completed in the first quarter of 2024 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) modestly lower global demand for location and inspection products. These declines were partially offset by higher project volumes at our transportation and aids to navigation businesses, in which volume can vary from period to period based on project execution timing. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we generated operating income of 78.9 and 218.1, respectively, compared to 57.7 and 158.8 for the respective periods in 2023. The increase in operating income during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was due primarily to higher income from our reportable segments of 22.2 and 80.8, respectively, lower corporate expense of 0.6 and 5.9, respectively, and, for the three month period, a decrease in integration costs of 1.5. These impacts were partially offset by increases during the three and nine months ended, compared to their respective periods in 2023, in intangible asset amortization expense of 2.0 and 15.8, respectively. The nine-month period ended September 28, 2024 also included increased integration costs of 1.3, primarily related to the Ing nia and ASPEQ acquisitions, and a charge of 8.4 related to a settlement with the seller of ULC regarding additional contingent consideration. The increase in income from our reportable segments was primarily due to (i) the revenue growth mentioned above and associated operating leverage, (ii) more favorable product mix, primarily within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment, and (iii) the impact of continuous improvement initiatives, partially offset by increases in personnel costs, within our HVAC reportable segment, due to annual merit increases and growth-related headcount additions. The increase in intangible asset amortization expense was driven by the acquisitions mentioned above. 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities associated with continuing operations totaled 146.4 for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to cash flows from operating activities of 120.0 during the nine months ended September 30, 
 33 

2023. The increase in cash flows from operating activities was due primarily to cash inflows resulting from the increase in operating income discussed above, exclusive of the non-cash expenses (primarily intangible asset amortization and depreciation expense) incurred during the respective periods, and reductions in the level of elevated purchases of raw materials and components during the 2024 period due to stabilization of the supply chain environment. These impacts were primarily offset by (i) decreases in cash flows at certain of our project-related businesses, as cash flows for these businesses are often subject to contract milestones that can impact the timing of cash flows from period to period, (ii) additional interest payments of 16.7 due to higher average debt balances resulting from borrowings associated with the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions, (iii) 11.9 in additional short-term incentive compensation payments, (iv) a payment, during the first quarter of 2024, related to the resolution of a dispute with a former representative at one of our businesses within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment of 9.0, and (v) payment of 8.4 associated with a settlement for additional contingent consideration to the seller of ULC mentioned above. 

RESULTS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 The unaudited information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. We establish actual interim closing dates using a fiscal calendar, which requires our businesses to close their books on the Saturday closest to the end of the first calendar quarter, with the second and third quarters being 91 days in length. Our fourth quarter ends on December 31. The interim closing dates for the first, second and third quarters of 2024 are March 30, June 29, and September 28, compared to the respective April 1, July 1, and September 30, 2023 dates. We had one less day in the first quarter of 2024 and will have two more days in the fourth quarter of 2024 than in the respective 2023 periods. 
 Cyclicality of End Markets, Seasonality and Competition The financial results of our businesses closely follow changes in the industries in which they operate and end markets in which they serve. In addition, certain of our businesses have seasonal fluctuations. For example, our heating businesses tend to be stronger in the third and fourth quarters, as customer buying habits are driven largely by seasonal weather patterns. In aggregate, our businesses tend to be stronger in the second half of the year. 
 Although our businesses operate in highly competitive markets, our competitive position cannot be determined accurately in the aggregate or by segment since none of our competitors offer all the same product lines or serve all the same markets as we do. In addition, specific reliable comparative figures are not available for many of our competitors. In most product groups, competition comes from numerous concerns, both large and small. The principal methods of competition are service, product performance, technical innovation and price. These methods vary with the type of product sold. We believe we compete effectively on the basis of each of these factors. 
 Non-GAAP Measures Organic revenue growth (decline) presented herein is defined as revenue growth (decline) excluding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations and acquisitions/divestitures. We believe this metric is a useful financial measure for investors in evaluating our operating performance for the periods presented as, when considered in conjunction with our revenues, it presents a useful tool to evaluate our ongoing operations and provides investors with a tool they can use to evaluate our management of assets held from period to period. In addition, organic revenue growth (decline) is one of the factors we use in internal evaluations of the overall performance of our business. This metric, however, is not a measure of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), should not be considered a substitute for net revenue growth (decline) as determined in accordance with GAAP, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

34 

The following table provides selected financial information for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, including the reconciliation of organic revenue increase to the net revenue increase: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenues 483.7 448.7 7.8 1,450.2 1,271.8 14.0 Gross profit 197.6 168.6 17.2 581.3 482.1 20.6 of revenues 40.9 37.6 40.1 37.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 101.6 96.3 5.5 305.7 290.9 5.1 of revenues 21.0 21.5 21.1 22.9 Intangible amortization 16.6 14.6 13.7 48.2 32.4 48.8 Special charges, net 0.5 0.9 Other operating expense, net 8.4 Other income (expense), net (1.4) (0.2) (7.1) 2.3 Interest expense, net (11.5) (9.4) 22.3 (33.5) (16.5) 103.0 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 66.0 48.1 37.2 177.5 144.6 22.8 Income tax provision (15.1) (12.4) 21.8 (32.2) (31.5) 2.2 Income from continuing operations 50.9 35.7 42.6 145.3 113.1 28.5 Components of revenue increase: Organic 3.0 4.8 Foreign currency 0.4 0.1 Acquisitions 4.4 9.1 Net revenue increase 7.8 14.0 _________________________________ 
 Not meaningful for comparison purposes. 
 
 Revenues Revenues for the three months ended September 28, 2024, totaled 483.7 compared to 448.7 during the respective period in 2023. The increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment and (ii) inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia acquisition within the HVAC reportable segment, partially offset by an organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. The organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment was due primarily to increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity. The organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment was primarily driven by lower large project volume within our communication technologies business associated with a larger-than-typical project that executed throughout 2023 and completed during the first quarter of 2024. This decline was partially offset by higher project volumes at our transportation and aids to navigation businesses, in which volume can vary from period to period based on project execution timing. 
 
 Revenues for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, totaled 1,450.2 compared to 1,271.8 during the respective period in 2023. The increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions (each within the HVAC reportable segment) and (ii) organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment, partially offset by an organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment. The organic revenue growth within the HVAC reportable segment was due primarily to (i) increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity and (ii) execution of a larger-than-typical service project. These increases were partially offset by organic revenue declines of heating products due primarily to (i) the unseasonably warm winter conditions prevalent in the relevant end markets during the first quarter of 2024 and (ii) higher volumes during the first quarter of 2023 that was supported by elevated backlog resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The organic revenue decline within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment was primarily driven by (i) lower large project volume within our communication technologies business associated with a larger-than-typical project that executed throughout 2023 and completed in the first quarter of 2024 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) modestly lower global demand for location and inspection products. These declines were partially offset by higher project volumes at our transportation and aids to navigation businesses, in which volume can vary from period to period based on project execution timing. 
 
 See Results of Reportable Segments for additional details. 
 
 35 

Gross Profit For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in gross profit and gross profit as a percentage of revenues, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was due primarily to (i) the revenue growth mentioned above and associated operating leverage, (ii) a more favorable product mix, primarily within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment, and (iii) the impact of continuous improvement initiatives. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expense For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in SG A expense, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to incremental SG A resulting from the acquisition of Ing nia of 2.6 (including integration costs of 0.7) and increases in personnel costs, primarily within our HVAC reportable segment, due to annual merit increases and growth-related headcount additions. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in SG A expense, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to incremental SG A resulting from the acquisitions of Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO of 17.4 (including integration costs of 3.7) and increases in personnel costs, primarily within our HVAC reportable segment, due to annual merit increases and growth-related headcount additions, partially offset by a reduction in corporate expense of 5.9. 
 
 Intangible Amortiz ation For the three an d nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in intangible amortization, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was primarily related to incremental amortization associated with (i) backlog from the Ing nia acquisition and (ii) other intangible assets associated with the acquisition of Ing nia and, for the nine-month period, the acquisitions of TAMCO and ASPEQ. 
 
 Special Charges, net Special charges, net, for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 related primarily to severance costs associated with restructuring actions at businesses within our HVAC and Detection and Measurement reportable segments. See Note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Other Operating Expense, net Other operating expense, net for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 related to a charge of 8.4 related to a settlement with the seller of ULC regarding additional contingent consideration. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net Other expense, net, for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was composed primarily of foreign currency transaction losses of 1.1, environmental remediation charges of 0.3, pension and postretirement expense of 0.2, and losses on fixed asset disposals of 0.2, partially offset by income of 0.5 derived from company-owned life insurance COLI policies. 
 
 Other expense, net, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was composed primarily of environmental remediation charges of 0.3 and pension and postretirement expense of 0.2, partially offset by foreign currency transaction gains of 0.3. 
 
 Other expense, net, for the nine months en ded September 28, 2024 was composed primarily of a loss of 4.2 related to a change in the estimated fair value of an equity security that we hold, environmental remediation charges of 2.1, pension and postretirement expense of 1.0, foreign currency transaction losses of 0.8, and losses on fixed asset disposals of 0.2, partially offset by income of 1.4 derived from COLI policies. 
 
 Other income, net, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was composed primarily of a gain of (i) 3.6 related to a change in the estimated fair value of an equity security that we hold and (ii) 0.4 related to income derived from COLI policies, partially offset by foreign currency transaction losses of 0.4, pension and postretirement expense of 0.6, and environmental remediation charges of 0.5. 
 
 Interest Expense, net Interest expense, net, includes both interest e xpense and interest income. The increase in interest expense, net, during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was due primarily to higher average debt balances during the 2024 periods, primarily resulting from borrowings associated with the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions. Refer to Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Income Tax Provision For the three months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded an income tax provision of 15.1 on 66.0 of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of 22.9 . This compares to an income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 12.4 on 48.1 of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of 25.8 . The most significant items impacting the income tax provision for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 were 0.7 of tax benefits in 2024 resulting from increased federal tax credits and 0.8 of foreign withholding tax in 2023. 
 
 36 

For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we recorded an income tax provision of 32.2 on 177.5 of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in effective rate of 18.1 . This compares to an income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 31.5 on 144.6 of pre-tax income from continuing operations, resulting in an effective rate of 21.8 . The most significant items impacting the income tax provision during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were (i) 10.8 and 1.7, respectively, of excess tax benefits resulting from stock-based compensation awards that vested and/or were exercised during the periods, (ii) 0.7 of tax benefits in 2024 resulting from increased federal tax credits, and (iii) 0.5 of tax provision and 1.2 of tax benefit, respectively, related to revisions to liabilities for uncertain tax positions. In addition, the 2023 rate was favorably impacted by a tax benefit of 1.8 related to the release of valuation allowances recognized against certain deferred tax assets, as we now expect these deferred tax assets to be realized. 

RESULTS OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. These results exclude the operating results of discontinued operations for all periods presented. See Note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of our reportable segments. 
 Non-GAAP Measures Throughout the following discussion of segment results, we use organic revenue growth (decline) to facilitate explanation of the operating performance of our segments. Organic revenue growth (decline) is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not a substitute for revenue growth (decline). Refer to the explanation of this measure and purpose of use by management under Results of Continuing Operations Non-GAAP Measures. 
 HVAC Reportable Segment Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenues 335.3 289.2 15.9 994.2 809.8 22.8 Income 80.0 58.3 37.2 232.1 161.2 44.0 of revenues 23.9 20.2 23.3 19.9 Components of revenue increase: Organic 9.0 8.5 Foreign currency 0.1 Acquisition 6.8 14.3 Net revenue increase 15.9 22.8 
 Revenues For the three months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to organic revenue growth as well as inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia acquisition. The organic revenue growth was due primarily to increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) inorganic revenue growth resulting from the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions and (ii) organic revenue growth. The organic revenue growth was due primarily to (i) increased volume of cooling products driven by continued strength in demand and higher throughput resulting from expanded production capacity and (ii) execution of a larger-than-typical service project. These increases were partially offset by organic revenue declines within heating products due primarily to (i) the unseasonably warm winter conditions prevalent in the relevant end markets during the first quarter of 2024 and (ii) higher volumes during the first quarter of 2023 that were supported by elevated backlog resulting from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Income For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in income and margin, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was due primarily to the revenue growth mentioned above and associated operating leverage, as well as the impact of continuous improvement initiatives, partially offset by increases in personnel costs due to annual merit increases and growth-related headcount additions. 
 
 Backlog The segment had backlog of 437.7 and 338.2 as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Backlog associated with the Ing nia acquisition totaled 136.4 as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 37 

Detection and Measurement Reportable Segment Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Revenues 148.4 159.5 (7.0) 456.0 462.0 (1.3) Income 33.8 33.3 1.5 99.1 89.2 11.1 of revenues 22.8 20.9 21.7 19.3 Components of revenue increase (decrease): Organic (7.8) (1.6) Foreign currency 0.8 0.3 Acquisitions Net revenue decrease (7.0) (1.3) 
 Revenues For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the decrease in revenues, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to an organic revenue decline. The organic revenue decline for the three and nine months ended was primarily driven by lower large project volume within our communication technologies business associated with a larger-than-typical project that executed throughout 2023 and completed in the first quarter of 2024. In addition, the organic revenue decline for the nine months ended was impacted by modestly lower global demand for location and inspection products. For the three and nine months ended, these declines were partially offset by higher project volumes at our transportation and aids to navigation businesses, in which volume can vary from period to period based on project execution timing. 
 
 Income For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the increase in income and margin, compared to the respective periods in 2023, was due primarily to (i) increased volume and a more favorable project mix within our transportation and aids to navigation businesses and (ii) the impact of continuous improvement initiatives. These increases were partially offset by the reduction in income associated with the volume declines from the larger-than-typical project within our communications technologies business mentioned above. 
 
 Backlog The segment had bac klog of 193.5 and 233.6 as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 CORPORATE AND OTHER EXPENSES Three months ended Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Total consolidated revenues 483.7 448.7 7.8 1,450.2 1,271.8 14.0 Corporate expense 12.4 13.0 (4.6) 38.3 44.2 (13.3) of revenues 2.6 2.9 2.6 3.5 Long-term incentive compensation expense 4.0 3.4 17.6 11.0 10.0 10.0 
 
 Corporate Expense Corporate expense generally relates to the personnel and general operating costs of our corporate headquarters based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The decrease in corporate expense during the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to a reduction in costs incurred for professional services. 
 
 The decline in corporate expense during the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the respective period in 2023, was due primarily to (i) lower expense related to various strategic and acquisition-related costs of 3.3, largely driven by the ASPEQ and TAMCO acquisitions in 2023, partially offset by expense incurred for the Ing nia acquisition in 2024, (ii) a reduction in short-term incentive compensation expense, and (iii) a reduction in costs incurred for professional services. These declines were partially offset by annual personnel merit increases. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Expense Long-term incentive compensation expense represents our consolidated expense, which we do not allocate for segment reporting purposes. 

38 

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Listed below are the cash flows from (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities and discontinued operations, as well as the net change in cash and equivalents for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Continuing operations: Cash flows from operating activities 146.4 120.0 Cash flows used in investing activities (277.3) (561.2) Cash flows from financing activities 176.9 425.1 Cash flows used in discontinued operations (27.0) (38.0) Change in cash and equivalents due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates 5.5 (1.0) Net change in cash and equivalents 24.5 (55.1) 
 
 Operating Activities Th e increase in c ash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was due primar ily to cash inflows resulting from the increase in operating income discussed previously, exclusive of the non-cash expenses (primarily intangible asset amortization and depreciation expense) incurred during the respective periods, and reductions in the level of elevated purchases of raw materials and components during the 2024 period due to stabilization of the supply chain environment. These impacts were primarily offset by (i) decreases in cash flows at certain of our project-related businesses, as cash flows for these businesses are often subject to contract milestones that can impact the timing of cash flows from period to period, (ii) additional interest payments of 16.7 due to higher average debt balances resulting from borrowings associated with the Ing nia, ASPEQ, and TAMCO acquisitions, (iii) 11.9 in additional short-term incentive compensation payments, (iv) a payment, during the first quarter of 2024, related to the resolution of a dispute with a former representative at one of our businesses within the Detection and Measurement reportable segment of 9.0, and (v) payment of 8.4 associated with a settlement for additional contingent consideration to the seller of ULC mentioned above. 
 
 Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities of continuing operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were comprised of net cash utilized in the acquisition of Ing nia of 292.0 and capital expenditures of 28.2, partially offset by net proceeds from COLI policies of 42.9, inclusive of borrowings of 41.2 against the cash surrender value of these COLI policies. See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. Cash flows used in investing activities of continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised of net cash utilized in the acquisitions of TAMCO and ASPEQ of 547.3 and capital expenditures of 16.5, partially offset by proceeds from COLI policies of 2.6. 
 
 Financing Activities Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 were comprised of (i) net borrowings under the Credit Agreement and trade receivables financing arrangement of 148.2 and 31.0, respectively, primarily in connection with the Ing nia acquisition, (ii) fees paid in connection with the August 30, 2024 amendment of our Credit Agreement, and (iii) net repayments under our other various debt instruments of 0.8. These net borrowings were partially offset by minimum tax withholdings paid on behalf of employees related to long-term incentive awards, net of proceeds from options exercised, of 1.1. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities of continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were comprised of net borrowings under the Credit Agreement and trade receivables financing arrangement of 396.3 and 32.0, respectively, primarily in connection with the TAMCO and ASPEQ acquisitions. These borrowings were partially offset by minimum withholdings paid on behalf of employees on long-term incentive awards, net of proceeds from options exercised, of 1.5, and fees paid in connection with the Incremental Term Loan of 1.3. Net repayments under our other various debt instruments totaled 0.4. 
 
 Discontinued Operations Cash flows used in discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 relate primarily to the final payment under the Settlement Agreement of 25.1 (net of the cash received upon maturation of the related foreign currency forward contracts of 2.0) to MHI and disbursements for liabilities retained in connection with previous dispositions. 
 
 Cash flows used in discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 relate primarily to (i) cash payments of 25.3 made by DBT to MHI during the three months ended September 30, 2023 in connection with the Settlement Agreement, (ii) disbursements of 14.5 for professional fees and support costs incurred principally in connection with the claims resolved by the Settlement Agreement, and (iii) local taxes of 3.8 paid in South Africa, which we subsequently 
 39 

recovered during the fourth quarter of 2023, partially offset by the recovery of legal costs we were awarded in arbitration proceedings between DBT and MHI of 6.8. Refer to Notes 3 and 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details related to the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 Change in Cash and Equivalents due to Changes in Foreign Currency Exchange Rate s Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not have a significant impact on our cash and equivalents during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 Borrowings and Availability 
 Borrowings The following summarizes our debt activity (both current and non-current) for the nine months ended September 28, 2024: December 31, 2023 Borrowings Repayments Other (5) 
 September 28, 2024 Revolving loans (1) 
 610.2 (455.2) 155.0 Term loans (2) 
 539.9 (6.8) 0.4 533.5 Trade receivables financing arrangement (3) 
 16.0 217.0 (186.0) 47.0 Other indebtedness (4) 
 2.4 0.1 (0.9) 0.7 2.3 Total debt 558.3 827.3 (648.9) 1.1 737.8 Less: short-term debt 17.9 48.4 Less: current maturities of long-term debt 17.3 24.2 Total long-term debt, net 523.1 665.2 ___________________________ 
 (1) The revolving credit facility extends through August 2027 under the terms of the Credit Agreement and is primarily used to provide liquidity for funding acquisitions, including related fees and expenses, and was utilized as the primary funding mechanism for the Ing nia acquisition. 
 (2) The term loans are repayable in quarterly installments equal to 0.625 of the initial balances of 545.0, in each of the first three quarters of 2024, and 1.25 during the fourth quarter of 2024, all quarters of 2025 and 2026, and the first two quarters of 2027. The remaining balances are payable in full on August 12, 2027. Balances are net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 1.3 and 1.7 at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Under this arrangement, we can borrow, on a continuous basis, up to 100.0, as available. Borrowings under this arrangement are collateralized by eligible trade receivables of certain of our businesses. At September 28, 2024, we had 17.5 of available borrowing capacity under this facility after giving effect to outstanding borrowings of 47.0. 
 (4) Primarily includes balances under a purchase card program of 1.4 and 1.9 and finance lease obligations of 0.9 and 0.5 at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The purchase card program allows for payment beyond the normal payment terms for goods and services acquired under the program. As this arrangement extends the payment of these purchases beyond their normal payment terms through third-party lending institutions, we have classified these amounts as short-term debt. 
 (5) Other includes the amortization of debt issuance costs associated with the term loans. 
 Senior Credit Facilities 
 A detailed description of our senior credit facilities is included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On August 30, 2024, we entered into a Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Incremental Facility Activation Notice (the Second Amendment with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), the lenders party thereto, and certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, which amends the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2022 (as amended, the Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG, as foreign trade facility agent, and the Administrative Agent. 
 The Second Amendment increases the aggregate revolving credit commitments under the Credit Agreement from 500.0 to 1,000.0 and makes certain conforming changes and other amendments to the Credit Agreement. We expect to utilize the increased revolving credit capacity to finance, in part, permitted acquisitions, to pay related fees, costs and expenses and for other lawful corporate purposes. In connection with the Second Amendment, we recorded 2.6 of debt issuance costs classified within Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 28, 2024. 
 At September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Credit Agreement. 
 Availability At September 28, 2024, we h ad 834.0 of available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, after giving effect to borrowings under the domestic revolving loan facilities of 155.0 and 11.0 reserved for outstanding letters of credit. In addition, at September 28, 2024, we had 8.9 of available issuance capacity under our foreign credit instrument facilities after giving effect to 16.1 reserved for outstanding letters of credit. 
 40 

Financing instruments may be used from time to time including, but not limited to, public and private debt and equity offerings, operating leases, finance leases and securitizations. We expect that we will continue to access these markets as appropriate to maintain liquidity and to provide sources of funds for general corporate purposes, acquisitions or to refinance existing debt. 
 Other Borrowings and Financing Activities 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we renewed, and increased the capacity of, our trade receivables financing agreement for the next 12 months, whereby we can borrow, on a continuous basis, up to 100.0, as available. 
 Company-owned Life Insurance 
 The Company has investments in COLI policies, which are recorded at their cash surrender value at each balance sheet date. Changes in the cash surrender value during the period are recorded as a gain or loss within Other income (expense), net within our condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Company has the ability to borrow against a portion of its investment in the COLI policies as an additional source of liquidity. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company borrowed 41.2 against the cash surrender value of these COLI policies. Such borrowings were used primarily to pay down amounts payable under the revolving credit facility. The amounts borrowed incur interest at a rate of 5.3 . The cash surrender value of the Company s investments in COLI assets, net of the aforementioned borrowing, was 34.0 and 76.7 at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, recorded in Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and equivalents, trade accounts receivable, COLI policies, and interest rate swap and foreign currency forward contracts. These financial instruments, other than trade accounts receivable, are placed with high-quality financial institutions. We periodically evaluate the credit standing of these financial institutions. 
 We maintain cash levels in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally-insured limits. We have not experienced, and believe we are not exposed to, significant risk of loss in these accounts. 
 We have credit loss exposure in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to the above financial instruments, but have no other off-balance-sheet credit risk of accounting loss. We anticipate, however, that counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their obligations under the contracts. We do not obtain collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject to credit risk, but we do monitor the credit standing of counterparties. 
 Concentrations of credit risk arising from trade accounts receivable are due to selling to customers in a particular industry. Credit risks are mitigated by performing ongoing credit evaluations of our customers financial conditions and obtaining collateral, advance payments, or other security when appropriate. No one customer, or group of customers that to our knowledge are under common control, accounted for more than 10 of our revenues for any period presented. 
 Other Matters 
 Contractual Obligations Other than items discussed in the borrowings and availability section above, and new operating leases referenced in Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements, there have been no material changes in the amounts of our contractual obligations from those disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our total net liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits including interest were 4.0 as of September 28, 2024. Based on the outcome of certain examinations or as a result of the expiration of statutes of limitations for certain jurisdictions, we do not believe that within the next 12 months our previously unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by a material amount. 
 Contingencies and Other Matters Numerous claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business have been asserted or are pending against us or certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, claims ). These claims relate to litigation matters (e.g., contracts, intellectual property, and competitive claims), environmental matters, claims for contingent consideration on prior acquisitions, product liability matters, and other risk management matters (e.g., general liability, automobile, and workers compensation claims). Additionally, we may become subject to other claims of which we are currently unaware, which may be significant, or the claims of which we are aware may result in our incurring significantly greater loss than we anticipate. We accrue for these contingencies when we believe a liability is probable and can be reasonably estimated. As events change and resolutions occur, these accruals may be adjusted and could differ materially from amounts originally estimated. See Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of contingencies and other matters. 
 41 

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we shall indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law for any personal liability in connection with their employment or service with us. While we maintain insurance for this type of liability, the liability could exceed the amount of the insurance coverage. 
 In addition, you should read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters herein, and Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as similar sections in any future filings for an understanding of the risks, uncertainties, and trends facing our businesses. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The accounting policies that we believe are most critical to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and that require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties are discussed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K , the discussion within which is incorporated herein by reference . We have affected no material change in either our critical accounting policies or use of estimates since the filing of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 42 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Management does not believe our exposure to market risk has significantly changed since December 31, 2023 and does not believe that such risks will result in significant adverse impacts to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 SPX management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), as of September 28, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 In connection with the evaluation by SPX management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of our internal control over financial reporting, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(d), no changes during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 were identified that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 43 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the footnotes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, specifically Note 15 , included under Part I of this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K , which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. 

ITEM 5. Other Information 
 
 No director or officer of the Company , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or , modified, or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 10.1 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Incremental Facility Activation Notice dated as of August 30, 2024 among SPX Enterprises, LLC, as the U.S. Borrower, SPX Technologies, Inc., the other Guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2024 (File no. 1-6948). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL) 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101. 
 
 44 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SPX TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Registrant) Date: October 30, 2024 By /s/ Eugene J. Lowe, III President and Chief Executive Officer Date: October 30, 2024 By /s/ Mark A. Carano Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eugene J. Lowe, III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SPX Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s EUGENE J. LOWE, III 
 Eugene J. Lowe, III 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark A. Carano, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SPX Technologies, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s MARK A. CARANO Mark A. Carano Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of SPX Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SPX Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 s EUGENE J. LOWE, III 
 s MARK A. CARANO 
 Eugene J. Lowe, III 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mark A. Carano 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to SPX Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by SPX Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 spxc-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 spxc-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 spxc-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 spxc-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 spxc-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

