<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1590418_0001683168-24-007704.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5343842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94144</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1031295</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1359743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1250641</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1468510</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007704.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106205537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007704
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				463355876
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40770
		FILM NUMBER:		241432762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2311 EAST LOCUST STREET
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-830-6517

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2311 EAST LOCUST STREET
		CITY:			ONTARIO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91761

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007704.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 focus_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact Name of Small Business Issuer as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 (IRS Employer File Number) 
 
 of incorporation) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 1, 2024, registrant had 
shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock at a par value of 0.001 per share. 

FORM 10-Q 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 36 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

Item 5. Other Information 
 36 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 37 

Signatures 
 38 

2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

References in this document to us, we, 
or Company refer to Focus Universal Inc. 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to the Financial Statements 

Contents 
 Page 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

3 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Marketable securities 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Deposits 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Related party loan 

Short-term loan 

Other current liabilities 

Lease liability, current portion 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities: 

Lease liability, less current portion 

Other liability 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Treasury stock at cost and shares held at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Shares to be issued, common shares 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling expense 

Compensation - officers and directors 

Research and development 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

Interest (expense) - related party 

Gain on disposed of property 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable equity securities 

Realized loss on marketable equity securities 

Rental income 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net Income (Loss) 

Other comprehensive items 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic 

Fully diluted 

Basic net income (loss) per share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Basic net income (loss) per share 

Fully diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Fully diluted net income (loss) per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

 FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Shares to be issued Common 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 
 
 Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 at Cost 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - June 30, 2024 

Stock based compensation - options 

Stock based compensation - shares 

Stock issued for placement agent 

Stock issued for private placement 

Stock based compensation related to discount on shares sold to related parties 

Other comprehensive income 

Net income 

Balance - September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Shares to be issued Common 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 
 
 Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 at Cost 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance - June 30, 2023 

Stock based compensation - options 

Stock based compensation - shares 

Amendment stock purchase agreement - treasury stock 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2023 

(continued) 

6 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Shares to be issued Common 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 
 
 Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 at Cost 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance - December 31, 2023 

Stock based compensation - options 

Stock based compensation - shares 

Retirement of treasury stock 

Stock issued for placement agent 

Stock issued for private placement 

Stock based compensation related to discount on shares sold to related parties 

Other comprehensive income 

Net income 

Balance - September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Shares to be issued Common 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders' 
 
 Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 at Cost 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Stock based compensation - options 

Stock based compensation - cashless exercise options 

Stock based compensation - shares 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Retirement of treasury stock 

Amendment stock purchase agreement - treasury stock 

Other comprehensive income 

Issued stock dividend 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

7 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 

Gain on sale of building 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Unrealized (gain) loss on marketable equity securities 

Realized loss on marketable equity securities 

Gain on bargain purchase 

Stock-based compensation shares 

Stock based compensation related to discount on shares sold to related
parties 

Stock based compensation options 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable - related party 

Inventories 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposit 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash flows used in operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities from discontinued
 operations 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 

Proceeds from sale of property 

Net cash flows provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from third party loan 

Proceeds from related party loan 

Repayment on related party loan 

Repayment on third party loan 

Stock issued for placement agent 

Stock issued for private placement 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of period 

Cash end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Cashless exercise of options 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

8 

FOCUS UNIVERSAL INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

and is now presenting these operations as discontinued. (See Note 10) 

The Company has completed integration throughout
its existing businesses, including key employees serving dual roles with its subsidiaries. 

As of April 30, 2024, the Company founded a wholly
owned subsidiary named Lusher Inc. Lusher Inc. was founded to develop, market, and commercialize automation software, titled One Touch
Financial, initially targeting the financial reporting software market sector. As of the date of this filing, the Company has solely begun
ongoing development of the software and founded the subsidiary after board approval, as other business activities are only in the introductory
phase. As of May 11, 2024, the Company announced board approval for the eventual spin-off of Lusher to better prioritize the development
of its SEC Financial Reporting Automation Software while also allowing the management of Focus Universal Inc. to better prioritize its
core business. 

and , respectively. 

) 
 ) 
 
 Customer B 

Customer C 
 ) 
 ) 

Customer D 
 ) 
 ) 

_________________ 

) 
 Revenue had not exceeded 10 or more of the Company s consolidated revenue of the Company. 

For the nine months ended of September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company s revenue received from the following companies were set out as below: 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Amount 
 of Total Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Total Revenue 
 
 Customer E 

) 
 ) 
 
 Customer F 

) 
 ) 
 
 Customer A 

) 
 ) 
 
 Customer G 
 ) 
 ) 

Customer B 
 ) 
 ) 

_________________ 

) 
 Revenue had not exceeded 10 or more of the Company s consolidated revenue of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company s accounts receivable from the following companies were set out as below: 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Amount 
 of Total Accounts Receivable 
 Amount 
 of Total Accounts Receivable 
 
 Customer H 
 ) 
 ) 

_________________ 

) 
 Accounts receivable had not exceeded 10 or more of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable of the Company. 

Major vendors 

No major vendor accounted more than 10 of total
purchase during nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The following table summarize financial assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

Total assets measured at fair value 

December 31, 2023 

Fair Value 
 Carrying 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Value 
 
 Assets 

Marketable securities: 

Stock 

Total assets measured at fair value 

The carrying amount of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, inventories, other receivable, prepaid expenses, deposit, accounts and accrued
expenses, payable, treasury stock payable, short-term loan, other current liabilities, customer deposit, approximate their fair value
because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

These five elements, as applied to each of the
Company s revenue category, is summarized below: 

Product sales revenue is recognized at the time of sale upon the delivery of the equipment to the customer and completion of performance obligation. 

Service sales revenue is recognized based on the service been provided and the agreed upon performance obligation has been completed to the customer. 

Revenue from our project construction is recognized
over time using the percentage-of-completion method under the cost approach. The percentage of completion is determined by estimating
stage of work completed. Under this approach, recognized contract revenue equals the total estimated contract revenue multiplied by the
percentage of completion. Our construction contracts are unit priced, and an account receivable is recorded for amounts invoiced based
on actual units produced. Due to the Company discontinuing operations of AT Tech Systems in August 2024, the Company currently only have
one operating and reportable segment which is IoT Products. 

RMB 
 
 United States Dollar ) 

Exchange Rate at 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

China Yuan (RMB) 
 RMB 
 RMB 
 
 United States Dollar ) 

and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and negative cash
flow from operating activities of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate,
indicate that it is probable that the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year from the financial
statement issuance date. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate
continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company currently suffered recurring loss from operations, generated negative cash
flow from operating activities, has an accumulated deficit and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues
sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to its ability to continue
as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of reported asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, has also expressed substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and
cash equivalents, and short-term investments, in the amount of . The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on
the Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations in the future and raising additional capital to meet its obligations and repay
its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Since inception, the Company has funded its operations primarily
through equity and debt financings, and it expects to continue to rely on these sources of capital in the future. In addition, before
September 30, 2024, the Company has sold its land and buildings which provided additional working capital to the Company. For more information
on the sale of the land and buildings please see Note 5. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if
available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing,
it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders,
in case of equity financing, or grant unfavorable terms in future licensing agreements. 

Finished goods 

Inventory 

Land 

Building improvement 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Software 

Total cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. 

On July 3, 2024, the Company completed a purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement with a third-party purchaser (the Buyer to sell the Company s warehouse.
The net book value of the sales of the property consisted of the following: 

Land 

Building improvement 

Total carrying amount 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value 

The purchase price for the property was .
The Company received proceeds of ,
of which 
 was paid directly to settle certain outstanding debt and accrued interest and other amounts owed. In addition, the Company incurred
 
 of closing costs resulting in a gain of 
 from the sale of the property. 

. This loan is secured against the Company s property,
which serves as collateral, with a cost of 4.5 million pledged. At the time of entering the loan agreement, Golden Sunrise Investment
LLC was owned by two of the Company s shareholders who collectively owned approximately of the Company s outstanding shares.
The loan has an annual interest rate of and the principal amount has a due date of . On March 5, 2024, the Company
entered into an addendum to the loan agreement with Golden Sunrise Investment LLC, a related party obtaining an additional secured loan
amount of at an annual interest rate of which is due . The interest expense amount was for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. The principal of and interest of were paid off on July 3, 2024 from the processed
of the sale of the building. 

On April 2, 2024, the Company entered into a two-year
loan agreement with the Company s CEO Desheng Wang for the amount of . The loan has an annual interest rate of and the
principal and interest amount have a due date of , as consistent with the previous and separate loan agreement with Golden
Sunrise Investment LLC. Until June 30, 2024, the principal loan amount has been increased from to . The interest expense
amount was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The principal and interest were paid off on July 9, 2024. 

million with one or more lenders. The Company accepted the first 
tranche on January 9, 2024 (the Loan with a third-party private lender (the Lender whereby the Lender
loaned 
to the Company (the Principal Amount ). The Loan has an annual 
compound interest rate and note payments begins on February 4, 2024 Due Date ). On the Due Date, the Company will
begin to pay Lender in 12 equal monthly installment payments of .11
each. The interest amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was ,
and the total principal outstanding loan amount was 
as of September 30, 2024. 

On June 18, 2024, the Company entered into a one-month
loan agreement with a third party for the amount of . The loan has an annual interest rate of and the principal and interest
amount have a due date of . The interest expense amount was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The principal
and interest were paid off on July 19, 2024. 

and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This is included in general and administrative
expenses. 

On January 16, 2023, Focus Universal (Shenzhen)
Technology Co. LTD entered into a thirty-six month commercial lease with a third party for an approximately 2,017 square foot office space.
The lease commenced on February 1, 2023 and will end on January 31, 2026. The monthly rent is RMB29,974 (approximately 4,274) with approximately
an 11.1 to 12.5 increase rate in each additional year. The incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest the Company
would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments for the asset under similar term, which is
10 . Lease expense for the lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

On February 22, 2023, Focus Universal (Shenzhen)
Technology Co. LTD entered into a thirty-six month commercial lease with a third party for an approximately 3,449 square foot office
space. The lease commenced on March 31, 2023 and will end on February 28, 2026. The monthly rent is RMB35,246 (approximately 5,025)
with approximately an 11.1 to 12.5 increase rate in each additional year. The incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of
interest the Company would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments for the asset under
similar term, which is 10 . Lease expense for the lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

On June 1, 2024, Focus Universal (Shenzhen) Technology
Co. LTD entered into a twelve-month commercial lease with a third party for an approximately 1,701 square foot office space as a sales-focused
office. The lease commenced on June 1, 2024 and will end on May 31, 2025. The monthly rent is RMB8,000 (approximately 1,141). 

On July 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Standard
Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease (the Lease with the Veena Asset Management, LLC to lease the same Focus Universal
premises located at 2311 East Locust Court, Ontario, CA 91761 back for one year commencing at the close of escrow of the Purchase Agreement
and ending on July 31, 2025, for 14,004 square foot office and warehouse space. Base monthly rent is , with a total of 
due upon execution of the lease. 

Operating lease right-of-use assets represent
the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation
to make lease payments arising from the lease. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, operating lease right-of use assets and
lease liabilities were as follows: 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Lease liabilities, less current portion 

Lease term and discount rate: 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating lease 

stock dividends to its shareholders for a stock dividend of one share of common stock for every two shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. The Company adhered to paragraph ASC 260-10-55-12, wherein it retroactively adjusted its statement of stockholders 
equity for all presented periods to incorporate the alteration in capital structure. 

Common stock 

In prior years, the Company entered into
several employment agreements that require the issuance of common shares for services that vest on a quarterly basis. During the
period ended September 30, 2024, an aggregate of 
shares with a fair value of 
vested during the period and were recognized as compensation costs. As of December 31, 2023, 
shares with a fair value of 
vested under these agreements. These shares were not issued. During the period ending September 30, 2024, 
shares with a fair value of 
that previously vested were issued. As of September 30, 2024, 
shares of common stock with a fair value of 
remain vested but not issued. 

On September 15, 2024, the Company entered into
a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement ), with Univest Securities, LLC (the Placement Agent ).
Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Placement Agent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to sell the Company s
common stock, par value 
 per share (the Common Stock in a registered direct offering (the Offering ). In the Offering, an aggregate
of 
 shares of Common Stock (the Common Shares of the Company will be sold to a certain institutional purchaser, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement, dated September 15, 2024 (the Securities Purchase Agreement ). The purchase price of
each Common Share was .
The net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting placement agent discounts, commissions, and estimated offering expenses payable by
the Company, are approximately . 

On September 18, 2024, the Company completed the
sale of shares of Common Stock (the Shares in a private placement to certain eligible investors for an aggregate
purchase price of , or 0.30 per share (the Private Placement ). As part of the offering, Dr. Desheng Wang, Chief
Executive Officer, Secretary, and Director of the Company, and Dr. Edward Lee, Chairman of the Board of the Company entered into a Subscription
Agreements pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock for 300,00 in
cash to each of these individuals (for an aggregate sale of shares for proceeds of in cash.) The Subscription Agreements
contain customary representations and warranties and was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company
determined that the officer and director were granted an inherent compensation/benefit since the trading price at the issuance date was
 0.47. As such, the Company recorded stock compensation cost of . 

Treasury stock 

On August 10, 2022, the Company entered a stock
purchase agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with a private shareholder to repurchase 600,000 shares of its common
stock for 2,000,000. The private shareholder transferred the shares on October 4, 2022, forming a binding agreement, which the Company
placed in treasury; and on October 6, 2022, the Company wired the first 1,000,000 of the purchase price. Subsequently, on July 14, 2023,
the Company entered into an amendment to the Stock Purchase Agreement that increased the number of shares of its common stock the Company
would purchase to shares and revised the total purchase price of the shares to resulting in a 35,000 change in our
obligation to purchase Treasury stock. The remaining was paid on July 14, 2023. Upon receipt of the additional 900,000 shares,
the Company also placed them in treasury. As of January 17, 2023, the Company retired the initial 600,000 shares and restored them to
the status of authorized and unissued shares. 

On June 11, 2024, the Company retired shares
with a cost of and restored them to the status of authorized and unissued shares. As of September 30, 2024, all of the previously
repurchased shares have been restored to the status of authorized and unissued and shares remain as treasury shares. 

Employee compensation 

On February 11, 2022 (the Vesting Date ),
the Company entered into a restricted stock award agreements (the Award Agreement with eight employees for 280,000 shares
of the Company s common stock subject to the terms and to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in the Company s equity
incentive plan. The first 20 of the restricted shares were granted and vested on February 11, 2022. An additional 20 of the restricted
shares will vest on each anniversary of the Vesting Date until the fourth anniversary of the Vesting Date. The initial fair value of the
awards on the date of grant was determined to be which is being amortized over the 5 year vesting period. As of December 31,
2023 the unamortized amount of the award was . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company amortized 
of this amount leaving an unamortized balance of at September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, of the shares had been
vested and of the shares had been forfeited. 

Stock options 

On January 2, 2024, each member of the Board was
granted options to purchase shares at per share with a fair value of . The options vest monthly over year, and may
be exercised during a -year term. In the aggregate, options were granted with a fair value of . During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of compensation cost relating to the vesting of these options and remained
unvested which will be amortized over the remainder of 2024. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company s stock option compensation expenses amounted to and , respectively. 

The fair value of the stock options issued during
the periods was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected life of the options 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

The following is a summary of the option activity
from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled or forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Vested as of September 30, 2024 

Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

. 

The carrying amount of assets and liabilities
of discontinued operations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 consist of the following: 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets of discontinued operations 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 

The income (loss) from discontinued operations
presented in the statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as follows: 

Discontinued operations - Statement of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of Revenue 

Gross Profit (loss) 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling expense 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income (loss) from Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income, net 

Net Income (Loss) 

Total operating cash flows from discontinued
operations were and ), respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

22 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND PLAN
OF OPERATION 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto included in, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This item contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents
incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations,
estimates, and projections about our industry, management beliefs, and certain assumptions made by our management. Words such as anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, 
variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Unless required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
However, readers should carefully review the risk factors set forth herein and in other reports and documents that we file from time to
time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, particularly the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any
Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

Narrative Description of the Business 

Focus Universal Inc. (the Company, 
 we, us, or our is a Nevada corporation. We believe we have developed five proprietary technologies
utilizing our patent portfolio which we believe solve the most fundamental problems plaguing the internet of things IoT industry through: (1) increasing overall chip integration by shifting integration from the component level to the device level; (2) creating
a faster 5G cellular technology by using ultra-narrowband technology; (3) leveraging ultra-narrowband power line communication PLC technology; (4) proprietary User Interface Machine auto generation technology; and (5) incorporating all our core technologies into a
single chip. Our Universal Smart Technology is designed to overcome instrumentation interoperability and interchangeability. The electronic
design starts from a 90 completed common foundation we call our universal smart instrumentation platform USIP ), instead
of the current method of building each stand-alone instrument from scratch. Our method eliminates redundant hardware and software and
results in significant cost savings and production efficiency. We also provide sensor devices and are a wholesaler of various air filters
and digital, analog, and quantum light meter systems. The Company holds 28 patents and patents pending in various phases of the patent
process. 

Our securities are currently traded on Nasdaq
Capital Market effective as of September 23, 2024. 

Our Current Products Include: 

We are a wholesaler of various digital, analog,
and quantum light meters and filtration products, including fan speed adjusters, carbon filters and HEPA filtration systems. 

In an effort to continually develop our product
lines, we plan to phase out the traditional, lower-margin products, such as the first-generation digital light meter, and are preparing
to launch a new line of products that have been in development for several years. These newer technology products will be released in
phases, and we intend that increasing amounts of technology will be layered upon these products. Additionally, we plan to continue to
increase our efforts in protecting more intellectual property and have continued to develop technologies for long-term growth. We have
developed products in both the controlled agriculture industry and home automation industries, taking advantage of our existing relationships
in both sectors. 

23 

We are building a U.S.-based sales team to market
our Smart AVX-branded product lines. The team has already begun marketing our current large format multimedia touch screens, surveillance
camera system (cameras and network video recorders (NVRs)), indoor and outdoor LED screens, and Focus Universal-branded voice over internet
protocol (VOIP) phone service systems for use in commercial and corporate settings. 

Our products on the home automation front are
beginning the production cycle. Of note, smart wall touch light switches, digital control smart wall touch light switches, smart timers,
and smart controllers are ready for production. Sourcing of electronic parts for these products is completed, the cost analysis of
these products is completed, and most of the tooling for production has been completed. 

Currently, our Shenzhen subsidiary mainly focuses
on product development and commercialization. An important electrode with a Total Dissolved Solids TDS meter
design, with applications in all solubility measurements, was completed and approved by our U.S. management team. The designs of
our TDS sensor, carbon dioxide sensor, new quantum PAR sensor and total dissolved oxygen sensors are also completed. Our testing against
the state-of-the-art sensors on the market suggests to us that the new sensors are at least as good as the best quality sensors on the
market. However, we believe that our sensors are much more cost effective. 

Our software machine auto design team has also
made significant progress during the nine months ending September 30, 2024. Having the mathematical and graphical environments created,
our team is focused on developing the 3D-user interface machine auto design. Our public reporting automation software is completed and
currently undergoing extensive testing. As reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K are time-consuming, complex processes that require each company s
financial team to gather and translate large amounts of data from multiple sources, the time and expertise required to complete the process
is a substantial burden for any company, large or small. Meanwhile, SEC reporting deadlines are firm and inflexible. This conflict can
interfere with other reporting and internal timelines and leave teams time-strapped and scrambling for the resources needed to meet any
reporting requirements. We have developed a Microsoft -based add-on software that aims to streamline and automate the SEC reporting
preparation process. We believe the software will significantly simplify the Form 10-Q and Form 10-K preparation processes and make creating,
editing and managing documents both simple and accurate. We are planning to commercialize this software in the fourth quarter of 2024
or the first quarter of 2025. A cloud-based version of this software is also under the development. 

Beyond IoT products, our R D software team
has developed a derivative product (i.e., our software platform for interoperability within the IoT), we have developed a complementary
office automation software product. This specific software was designed to assist in completing financial reports faster, more accurately,
and with greater ease of update, thereby eliminating the need for increased staffing especially in time sensitive projects. It is designed
to save CPAs, auditors, accounting, and/or legal a significant amount of time in the preparation of SEC financial reports and other internal
financial reporting. Eighty percent of this software development has been completed and we hope to launch a beta version of this product. 

Fan speed adjuster device . Designed specifically
for centrifugal fans with brushless motors, our adjuster device helps ensure longer life by preventing damage to fan motors by adjusting
the speed of centrifugal fans without causing the motor to hum. These devices are rated for 350 watts max, have 120VAC voltage capacity
and feature an internal electronic auto-resetting circuit breaker. 

Carbon filter devices. We sell two types
of carbon filter devices. These carbon filter devices are professional grade filters specifically designed and used to filter the air
in greenhouses that might be polluted by fermenting organics. One of these filters can be attached to a centrifugal fan to scrub the air
in a constant circle or can be attached to an exhaust line as a single-pass filter, which moves air out of the growing area, filters unwanted
odors and removes pollens, dust, and other debris in the air. The other filter is designed to be used with fans from 0-6000 C.F.M. 

HEPA filtration device. We provide a high-efficiency
particulate arrestance HEPA filtration device at wholesale prices to our client Hydrofarm. Manufactured, tested, certified,
and labeled in accordance with current HEPA filter standards, this device is targeted towards greenhouses and grow rooms and designed
to keep insects, bacteria, and mold out of grow rooms. We sell these devices in various sizes. 

24 

Quantum par meter . We provide a handheld
quantum par meter used to measure photosynthetically active radiation PAR ). This fully portable handheld PAR meter is designed
to measure PAR flux in wavelengths ranging from 400 to 700 nm. It is designed to measure up to 10,000 mol. 

For a description of our products and services
offering, please refer to Item 1. Business beginning on page 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2024. 

Ubiquitor Wireless Universal Sensor Device 

We have developed a device we call the Ubiquitor,
which replaces the functions of traditional digital measurement and sensing products by integrating many digital sensors and measurement
tools into one single digital device. We believe the platform represents a technological advancement in the IoT marketplace by integrating
large numbers of technologies, including cloud technology, wired and wireless communication technology, software programming, instrumentation
technology, artificial intelligence, PLC technology, and sensor networking into a single platform. We believe the result of such integration
is a smaller, cheaper, and faster circuit system design than those currently offered in the instrumentation market. 

Our USIP technology that will make the Ubiquitor
possible is an advanced software and hardware integrated instrumentation platform that uses a large-scale modular design approach. The
large-scale modular design approach subdivides instruments into a foundation component (a USIP) and architecture-specific components (sensor
nodes), which together replaces the functions of traditional instruments at a fraction of their cost. The USIP has an open architecture,
incorporating a variety of individual instrument functions, sensors, and probes from different industries and vendors. The platform features
the ability to connect potentially thousands of different sensors or probes, addressing major limitations present in traditional instrumentation
systems. 

The Ubiquitor will be a general platform that
collects data in real time, up to 100 Hz per second, and, thus, is intended to be adapted to many industrial uses. 

By using the universal hardware or USIP, we believe
we could achieve the following efficiencies in instrumentation systems: 

1. 
 Cut production costs. Smartphone technology is widely used on the small sensor device market. By utilizing smartphone technology, the Ubiquitor will add superior functionality and performance, improve the product s quality, and cut production costs. 

2. 
 Reduce the effort required to develop a new sensor product. With the Ubiquitor, we believe that there will be no need for device manufacturers to research and develop new monitoring and operating components because they will just need to develop new sensor nodes or probes that may be integrated into our software technology. 

3. 
 Reduce clutter. It is anticipated that the Ubiquitor could dispense with some of the hassle of connecting cables, since the Ubiquitor allows wireless transmission of sensor data and may allow wireless access to networks, such as a PLC network. 

Additional Focus Universal Inc. IoT Products
under Smart AVX. Focus Universal Inc. is integrating its own Smart AVX- branded IoT equipment to connect devices across platform systems
and to facilitate unified collaboration across audio-visual technologies, digital media technologies, security and surveillance technologies
and communication technologies. This approach allows the Company to service its customers for ease of use, design and integration, and
installation and maintenance by utilizing technology that integrates our five core technologies. 

25 

We have integrated our Smart AVX-branded products
across the following strategic sub-sectors: LED Audio-visual Panel Products, large format Smart Multimedia Touch Screens, Pan Tilt Zoom PTZ Dome Cameras and Network Video Recorders NVRs ), and VOIP Phone Services. 

1. 
 LED Audio-visual Panel Products. LED panel digital displays have become an integral and modern-day solution that address the communication and display demands of the residential and commercial customer base. Due to the flexible configuration of the LED panels, the modular design that enables the ability to incorporate a design into any size space, the flexibility of the standard size panels to accommodate curvature in the design space, the ability to address transparency in the panel displays and create new areas for delivering media to the public, our LED panel digital displays allow us to easily adapt our display design to spaces of any size and shape, making any customer space a customizable output and connected piece within a system. The option to create full size screens in any space, while addressing any environmental demands, allows us to use state-of-the-art media resulting in immersive, three-dimensional, captivating content delivery within any system. 

2. 
 Large Format Smart Multimedia Touch Screens. Smart AVX-branded large format touch screens deliver interactive solutions for a wide variety of industries and applications, including education, healthcare, commercial, residential and government applications. While interacting with a touch display is commonplace in public-consumer spaces, we integrate large format Smart touch screens in small business, commercial applications such as dental offices and other business scenarios. These market applications continue to be underserved with touch-enabled devices, and our installation engineers and design staff can customize solutions for unique business and commercial application projects. The Company, through the Smart AVX brand, offers a myriad of customized choices and a long list of options within the current touch screen technology in a refined product. Our products allow future integration of our core platform technologies, such as the LED digital displays, the Ubiquitor, PTZ Dome Cameras and VOIP Phone Systems, allowing for pinch, zoom, scrolling, and videoconferencing within the touch screen format. 

Lusher Corporate Services, One Touch Financial
Software 

Financial reporting is the process by
which a company keeps investors aware of a company s financial condition, allowing them to have the information they need before
making an investment decision. 

An annual report on Form 10-K is a comprehensive
report filed annually by a publicly traded containing company information such as its history, organizational structure, financial statements,
earnings per share, subsidiaries, executive compensation, and other relevant data. 

The quarterly report on Form 10-Q is
a comprehensive report of a company s quarterly performance that must be submitted by public companies to the SEC on a quarterly
basis. The quarterly report on Form 10-Q is generally submitted with unaudited financial statements including condensed financial statements,
a management discussion and analysis on the financial condition of the company, and disclosures regarding market risk and internal controls.
In the quarterly reports, companies are required to disclose additional relevant quarterly financial information regarding their financial
position. 

Because of the depth and nature of the
information they contain, reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q can become time-consuming, especially given the complex processes that require
a company s internal teams to gather large amounts of data across multiple sources. The time and expertise required to complete
the process is a substantial burden. SEC reporting deadlines are firm and inflexible. These reporting requirements can interfere with
other reporting timelines and leave a time-strapped team scrambling for the resources needed to meet mandated reporting requirements. 

Delays and mistakes in SEC financial
reporting can have far-reaching consequences for companies and their shareholders including. SEC review, enforcement actions, and penalties.
Late, inaccurate, or incomplete filings can often lead to a drop in the company s stock price and a decrease in investor confidence. 

26 

However, it is critically important
that the company s financial reporting is accurate, thorough, and up to date. Office software packages are widely used in all report
preparation. While current software can do an excellent job on word processing, it often fails in the creation of the rigorously formatted
tables and spreadsheets needed to populate requisite financial information in report. Furthermore, because of the frequent incompatibility
between programs from software packages, the formatted tables required by financial reporting standards that are created by spreadsheets
programs are mismatched, incomplete, or even destroyed when they are transferred via word processing files. 

Human data entry of hundreds or thousands
of financial numbers in the financial report imposes another challenge and presented by regularly occurring human error. This risk is
compounded by a frequent requirement to update or revise these hundreds or thousands of numbers during the time-constrained review processes
and auditing processes prior to submission. 

Given the complexity and volume of data
involved, companies are looking for solutions that not only save cost, and reduce the time and effort required to report in a timely manner
but also improve accuracy and compliance. We have developed an automated software solution to address these challenges effectively and
efficiently in the following ways: 

Data Entry Automation: Our software s
automated data entry function reduces the risk of human errors and saves time. It can extract data from various sources and populate financial
reports accurately. 

Validation Checks: Our One Touch Financial
Software includes built-in validation checks to ensure that the data is accurate and compliant with regulatory requirements. It also helps
in identifying potential errors early in the reporting process. 

Formatted Table Creation: Creating formatted
tables which are often required in SEC financial reports, is a time-consuming task. Our software generates these tables accurately and
efficiently. 

Integration: Integration with existing
financial systems and software is essential for a seamless reporting process. Our software connects with multiple data sources and financial
software frequently used by reporting companies. 

Security and Compliance: Security of data
is critical, especially when dealing with sensitive financial data. Our software adheres to industry standards and regulations to ensure
data security and compliance with reporting requirements. 

The Company plans to demo the software
this month as the development for the software has progressed. The company plans for a company roadshow in 3Q of 2024 to update the community
regarding these new developments. 

Research and Development Efforts of Power Line
Communication 

Power Line Communication PLC technology
is a communication technology that enables sending data over existing power cables. One advantage of this technology is that PLC does
not require substantial new investment for its communications infrastructure. Rather, PLC utilizes existing power lines, thereby forming
a distribution network that already penetrates all residential, commercial and industrial premises. Accordingly, connectivity via PLC
technology is potentially the most cost-effective, scalable interconnectivity approach for the IoT. We believe PLC technology can be an
integral part of our communication infrastructure for the IoT, which enables reliable, real-time measurements, monitoring, and control.
A large variety of appliances may be interconnected by transmitting data through the same wires that provide electrical energy. 

Our patented PLC technology uses an ultra-narrowband
spectrum channel of less than 1 KHz to establish a long-distance link between transmitter and receiver. Thus, we believe that our proprietary
ultra-narrowband PLC technology will offer a promising alternative to wireless networks and provide the backbone communication infrastructure
for IoT devices. 

27 

The primary design goal of the power line network
is electric power distribution, not data transmission. The harsh electrical noise present on power lines and variations in equipment and
standards make data transmission over the power grid difficult. These technological challenges have impeded, or even halted, progression
of PLC technology. 

Research and Development Efforts of 5G Cellular
Technology 

Just like our ultra-narrowband technology can
be used to effectively reduce noise in powerline communication technology, our internal research suggests that our ultra-narrowband technology
can be leveraged to create a type of 5G wireless communication technology that can achieve both low band 5G coverage and an estimated
1 Gbps high band speed. We employ an ultra-narrow spectrum channel 

For a description of the ultra-narrowband technology
and the 5G applications, see Part I - Item 1. Business, Section 2. Creating a faster 5G cellular technology by using ultra-narrowband
technology in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. 

Intellectual Property Protection 

On November 4, 2016, we filed U.S. patent application
number 15/344,041 with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). The patent was issued on March 20, 2018. 

We filed with the USPTO on June 2, 2017 a patent
application regarding a process for improving a spectral response curve of a photo sensor. The resulting U.S. Patent No. 10,251,037 was
issued on February 26, 2019. 

On March 19, 2018, we filed U.S. Patent Application
No. 15/925,400. The patent title is a Universal Smart Device, which is a universal smart instrument that unifies heterogeneous
measurement probes into a single device that can analyze, publish, and share the data analyzed. The resulting U.S. Patent No. 10,251,037
was issued on April 2, 2019. 

On November 29, 2019, the Company filed an international
utility patent application through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) as International Patent Application No. PCT/US2019/63880. On September
6, 2022, the International Searching Authority (ISA) issued a favorable International Preliminary Report of Patentability (IPRP) regarding
this patent application, which describes the Company s PLC technology. The IPRP cited only three category A documents,
indicating that the Company s application met both the novelty and non-obviousness patentability requirements. Consequently, the
Company is optimistic that a patent including claims directed to its PLC technology will be issued in due course and will allow the Company
to protect its PLC technology. 

In 2021, we hired the law firm of Knobbe, Martens,
Olson Bear, LLP Knobbe Martens to serve as outside intellectual property counsel for the Company. The firm is working
on converting the Company s provisional patent applications to formal nonprovisional patent applications and expanding existing
patent portfolios. In addition, Knobbe Martens is working on filing four previously unfiled patents and pursuing patent coverage in Europe
and Australia. In addition, in May 2022, the Company engaged Chang Hale, LLP as suggested by our counsel at Knobbe Martens to assist
with two new patents, noting that Knobbe Martens still remains our main IP counsel. Currently, the Company has 18 pending U.S. nonprovisional
patent applications and 9 issued U.S. patents. As a result of our primary IP attorney switching firms from Knobbe Martens to Dority Manning,
Focus Universal Inc, hired Dority Manning on July 16, 2024 to serve as outside intellectual property counsel for the Company. 

The Company s patent number 11,488,468 was
allowed and subsequently issued on November 1, 2022. The patent is titled Sensor for Detecting the Proximity of an IEEE 802.11
Protocol Connectable Device. On November 7, 2023, our patent application titled Activated Carbon Air Filter issued
as U.S. Patent No. 11,806,654. We also just received an issue notification from the USPTO, indicating that our patent application titled
 Electronic Lock and Method of Operation will issue on November 21, 2023, as U.S. Patent No. 11,823,513. The company has
begun to file omnibus patents to combine certain patents under a unified central patent. 

28 

Competitors 

We have identified several competitors specifically
in the wireless sensor node industry, including traditional instruments or device manufacturers. Hach developed and launched the SC1000
Multi-parameter Universal Controller, a probe module for connecting up to 32 digital sensors or analyzers. However, their products are
not compatible with smart phones yet; and we believe their price point is still prohibitive to consumers. Monnit Corporation offers a
range of wireless and remote sensors. Many of Monnit s products are web-based wireless sensors that usually are not portable because
of their power consumption. Also, the sensors real-time updates are slow; and we believe security of the web-based sensor data
acquisition may also be a concern. In addition to purchasing the device, consumers usually have to pay monthly fees for using web-based
services. We are not trying to compete with traditional instruments or device manufacturers because we utilize our Ubiquitor device in
conjunction with our smartphone application, which we believe will be a completely different product category. 

IoT Installation Industry 

There are several companies that compete with
AVX in smart home installations, including Vivint Smart Home, Savant, Crestron and Control4. However, we believe we can distinguish ourselves
from our competitors by offering substantially more customization and interoperability with existing platforms. While our service offerings
do not rely on always providing the entire installation for the end client, our Company is able to seamlessly provide accenting, replacement,
or conversion home automation systems which are easier to use and interoperate for the end client, and with limited rewiring. Complete
installation by Crestron ranges between 100,000 and 500,000 and an installation by Control4 ranges between 70,000 and 250,000. The
cheapest competitor we can identify in this sector is Vivint Smart Home, which costs less than 50,000 to install; however, we understand
that the Vivint Smart Home focuses on security systems only and that users have no other smart applications, which our smart home product
line would include. Our sales staff have encountered a growing client base of unhappy customers with the pre-existing and completely siloed
platform systems that reportedly are not easy to use or program, require costly specialty service for simple operations, are subject to
lengthy software and hardware backlogs, and despite being based on the same platform, fail to operate compatibly, possessing frequent
errors and bugs. 

Air Filtration Systems and Meter Products
Industry 

The air filtration system and meter products industry
is a niche industry. Air purification methods are an effective way to control contaminants and improve indoor air quality; and as a result,
many national and local governments overseeing indoor air quality and other emissions are enacting stricter workforce health and safety
regulations in this area, which drives demand. 

Market Potential 

We believe universal wireless smart technology
will play a critical role for traditional instrument manufacturers, as currently the undertaking of an IoT project is simply too expensive
and difficult to develop for medium or smaller companies and carries a 75 failure rate according to Cisco Systems. 1 The cost
factor is the first consideration when deciding whether a company wants to develop smart wireless technologies and implement them into
their products or use them in their field testing. We also hope to play a role in academic laboratories, particularly with smaller academic
laboratories that are sensitive to price. Regarding the larger IoT industry statistics, overall enterprise IoT spending increased to 201
billion in 2022, an increase of 21.5 . The outlook for growth in 2023 is 18.5 from this large base of enterprise spending. 2 More
specifically, the IoT sensors market is projected to reach 26 billion by 2026 from 11.1 billion in 2022. 3 The IoT marketplace
size assessments usually include the hardware components and the software components, which often contain a Software as a Service (SaaS)
model. Additionally, the rising need for reliable high bandwidth communication for IoT devices is expected to rise to 664.75 billion
in 2028, spearheaded by the currently predominant services in the 5G category. 4 We would also expect this market to grow with
the addition of new categories of services delivering reliable high bandwidth communication for IoT devices and would cannibalize and
expand the existing services where the new services proved to be more effective and efficient. 

________________________ 

1 Cisco Systems, Connected Futures, Executive Business Insights,
May 2017, The Journey to IoT Value, Challenges, Breakthroughs, and Best Practices, https://newsroom.cisco.com/c/r/newsroom/en/us/a/y2017/m05/cisco-survey-reveals-close-to-three-fourths-of-iot-projects-are-failing.html 

 2 IoT Analytics, Market Insights for the Internet of Things,
February 7, 2023, Global IoT market size to grow 19 in 2023 IoT shows resilience despite economic downturn, https://iot-analytics.com/iot-market-size/ 

 3 Markets and Markets, IoT Sensors Market by Sensor Type,
Network Technology, Vertical, Application, and Geography Global Forecast -2026, https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/sensors-iot-market-26520972.html 

 4 Cision PRNewswire, Research and Markets, Global 664.75
Billion 5G Services Markets to 2028: Rising Need for High Bandwidth to Provide Reliable Communication to IoT Devices is Expected to Boost
Overall Market Growth, https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-664-75-billion-5g-services-markets-to-2028-rising-need-for-high-bandwidth-to-provide- 

 reliable-communication-to-iot-devices-is-expected-to-boost-overall-market-growth-301432173.html 

29 

Results of Operations 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue, cost of revenue and gross profit 

For the three months ended September 30,
 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30,
 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Revenue 
 74,215 
 71,854 
 2,361 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 42,530 
 44,386 
 (1,856 
 
 Gross Profit 
 31,685 
 27,468 
 4,217 

Our consolidated gross revenue for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 74,215 and 71,854, respectively. Cost of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024
was 42,530, compared to 44,386 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. In addition to the increase in revenue and decrease cost
of revenue, gross profit increased to 31,685 compared to 27,468 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The result is attributed to the Company selling more LED products this year compared to last year, with LED products yielding higher profit
margins than hydroponic products. 

The major components of our cost and operating
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are outlined in the table below: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Selling expense 
 30,936 
 25,193 
 5,743 
 
 Compensation officers and directors 
 575,255 
 267,002 
 308,253 
 
 Research and development 
 308,516 
 305,872 
 2,644 
 
 Professional fees 
 278,336 
 132,914 
 145,422 
 
 General and administrative 
 585,491 
 387,764 
 197,727 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,778,534 
 1,118,745 
 659,789 

Selling expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2024 were 30,936, compared to 25,193 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Selling expenses were mainly from third party
advertising fees and marketing related fees. The increase in selling expenses was due to an increase in advertising fees. 

Compensation officers and directors were
 575,255 and 267,002 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Research and development costs were 308,516 and
 305,872 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Professional fees were 278,336 during the three
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 132,914 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in these professional
fees compared to the prior period was due to an increase in legal fees for employment litigation defense and SEC securities attorney legal
fees. 

General and administrative expenses for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 was 585,491 compared to 387,764 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of general
and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in the number of office employees in 2024. 

30 

Other Income (expense) 

Other income for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 3,215,560, compared to 62,050 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to gain on sale of the
property. 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
net of tax 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net
of tax was (26,748) during the three months ended September 30,2024, compared to 61,194 during the three months ended September 30,2023.
The decrease was due to the discontinued operations of AT Tech Systems LLC in August 2024. 

Net Losses 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, we incurred net income (loss) of 1,441,927 and (968,033) respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue, cost of revenue and gross profit 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Revenue 
 264,954 
 238,803 
 26,151 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 127,686 
 174,090 
 (46,404 
 
 Gross Profit 
 137,268 
 64,713 
 72,555 

Our consolidated gross revenue for the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 264,954 and 238,803, respectively. Cost of revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
was 127,686, compared to 174,090 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. In addition to the increase in revenue and decrease cost
of revenue, gross profit increased to 137,268 compared to 64,713 nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The result
is attributed to the Company selling more LED products this year compared to last year, with LED products yielding higher profit margins
than hydroponic products. 

The major components of our cost and operating
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are outlined in the table below: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Selling expense 
 96,027 
 89,315 
 6,712 
 
 Compensation officers and directors 
 687,303 
 827,939 
 (140,636 
 
 Research and development 
 948,041 
 925,345 
 22,696 
 
 Professional fees 
 985,368 
 506,878 
 478,490 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,612,735 
 1,160,915 
 451,820 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,329,474 
 3,510,392 
 819,082 

31 

Selling expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 96,027, compared to 89,315 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Compensation officers and directors were
 687,303 and 827,939 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Research and development costs were 948,041 and
 925,345 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was due to an increase in the number of research
and development patent fees. 

Professional fees were 985,368 during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 506,878 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in these professional
fees compared to the prior period was due to an increase in legal fees for employment litigation defense and SEC securities attorney legal
fees. 

General and administrative expenses for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,612,735 compared to 1,160,915 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of
general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in the number of office employees in 2024. 

Other Income (expense) 

Other income for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 3,231,253, compared to 240,360 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to gain on sale of the
property. 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations,
net of tax 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net
of tax was (277,823) during the nine months ended September 30,2024, compared to 104,877 during the nine months ended September 30,2023.
The decrease was due to the Company discontinued operations of AT Tech Systems LLC in August 2024. 

Net Losses 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, we incurred net losses of 1,238,776 and 3,100,442 respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Current Assets 
 5,971,500 
 1,028,278 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 (763,939 
 (1,657,646 
 
 Working Capital 
 5,207,561 
 (629,368 

32 

Cash Flows 

The table below, for the periods indicated, provides
selected cash flow information: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (477,195 
 (2,603,545 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 3,950,852 
 54,472 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 1,451,000 
 (385,686 
 
 Effect of exchange rate 
 (11,681 
 20 
 
 Net change in cash 
 4,912,976 
 (2,934,739 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Our net cash outflows from operating activities
of 477,195 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of our net loss of 898,776 and changes in our operating
assets and liabilities offset by the add-back of non-cash expenses, and operating activities from discontinued operations. 

Our net cash outflows from operating activities
of 2,603,545 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily the result of our net loss of 3,100,442 and changes in our operating
assets and liabilities offset by the add-back of non-cash expenses, and operating activities from discontinued operations. 

We expect that cash flows from operating activities
may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our net revenues and operating results,
utilization of new revenue streams, in line with our shifting revenue streams, collection of accounts receivable, and timing of billings
and payments. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we
had cash inflow from investing activities of 3,950,852 from the purchase of property and equipment of 13,250 and proceeds from sale
of property of 3,964,102. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had cash inflow from investing activities of 54,472. That
was primarily the result from the purchase of property and equipment of 20,294, purchase of marketable securities of 144,907, and proceeds
from sales of marketable securities of 219,673. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had cash inflows of 1,451,000 due to proceeds from third party and related party loan amount of 1,451,000 and repayment on third
party and related party loan amount of 2,376,000, stock issued for placement agent of 1,086,000, and stock issued for private placement
of 1,290,000. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had cash outflows of 385,686 due to proceeds from related party loan
of 1,000,000 and purchase of treasury stock of 1,385,686. 

33 

Going Concern 

The Company has assessed its ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company
has a net loss of 1,238,776 and 3,100,442 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of 23,820,946 and 22,582,170 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and negative cash
flow from operating activities of 3,658,901 and 2,603,545 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate,
indicate that it is probable that the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year from the financial
statement issuance date. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate
continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company currently suffered recurring loss from operations, generated negative cash
flow from operating activities, has an accumulated deficit and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues
sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to its ability to continue
as a going concern. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of reported asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, has also expressed substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had cash and cash equivalents, and
short-term investments, in the amount of 5,368,273. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company attaining
and maintaining profitable operations in the future and raising additional capital to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising
from normal business operations when they come due. Since inception, the Company has funded its operations primarily through equity and
debt financings, and it expects to continue to rely on these sources of capital in the future. In addition, before September 30, 2024,
the Company has sold its land and buildings which provided additional working capital to the Company. For more information on the sale
of the land and buildings please see Note 5. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that
it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue
restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case of equity financing,
or grant unfavorable terms in future licensing agreements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements,
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation SK. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

34 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a15(e) and 15d15(e) under the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, at the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the
material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms relating to our Company, particularly during the period when this report
was being prepared. 

Our management concluded we did not maintain effective
controls over the Company s financial reporting. The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, caused
principally by inadequate staffing and technical expertise in key positions, resulted in overly relying on outside consultants to make
numerous adjustments to our financial statements. Additionally, the significant deficiencies or material weaknesses could result in future
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. Management has concluded that
the identified control deficiencies constitute a material weakness. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal
Controls 

Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving an entity's disclosure objectives. The likelihood
of achieving such objectives is affected by limitations inherent in disclosure controls and procedures. These include the fact that human
judgment in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns in internal control can occur because of human failures such as simple errors
or mistakes or intentional circumvention of the established process. 

35 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On August 26, 2024, a former software engineer
filed an action against the Company in the Superior Court for the County of San Bernardino, State of California alleging wrongful termination
and other violations of the California Labor Code. The complaint seeks unspecified economic and non-economic losses, as well as attorneys 
fees. The Company is investigating and intends to vigorously defend itself in the foregoing matters. However, litigation and investigations
are inherently uncertain. The Company does possess EPLI insurance, and the legal team as selected by the insurance company is currently
handling the matter. The Company vigorously disputes these allegations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

On or about September 18, 2024, we completed the
sale of 4,300,000 shares of Common Stock in a private placement to certain eligible investors for an aggregate purchase price of 1,290,000,
or 0.30 per share. The Subscription Agreements contain customary representations and warranties and was exempt from registration under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The use of proceeds is to be used in the ongoing research and development of Focus Universal Inc.
products including the SEC filing software. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

No senior securities were issued and outstanding
during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable to our Company. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol FCUV. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no
director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

36 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 10-Q 

Exhibits 

The following financial information
is filed as part of this report: 

(a) 
 (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(2) SCHEDULES 

(3) EXHIBITS. The following exhibits required by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, as filed with the SEC on December 26, 2013. 
 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws , as filed with the SEC on October 22, 2019. 
 
 15.1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 572)
 dated April 1, 2024, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Sec. 302 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Sec. 302 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Sec. 906 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Sec. 906 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instances Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Focus Universal Inc. 

Dated: November [_], 2024 
 By: 

/s/ Desheng Wang 
 Desheng Wang 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: November [_], 2024 
 By: 

/s/ Irving H. Kau 
 Irving H. Kau 
 Chief Financial Officer 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 focus_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Desheng Wang, certify that: 

1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have; 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation. 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November [_], 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Desheng Wang 

Desheng Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 focus_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Irving Kau, certify that: 

1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) I am responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have; 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation. 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November [_], 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Irving H. Kau 

Irving H. Kau 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 focus_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Focus Universal Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Desheng Wang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations or the Company. 

Date: November [_], 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Desheng Wang 
 Desheng Wang 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 focus_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Focus Universal Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Irving Kau, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fully presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations or the Company. 

Date: November [_], 2024 

By: 
 
 /s/ Irving H. Kau 
 Irving H. Kau 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fcuv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fcuv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fcuv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fcuv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

