<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1913577_0001213900-24-100217.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4917370</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140175</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1024074</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1142304</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1125300</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1398532</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100217.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119170333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100217
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001913577
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41351
		FILM NUMBER:		241477115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		437 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6469785180

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		437 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100217.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0220796-10q_denali.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period______ from to______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (v232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 
No 

As of November 18, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 31 
 
 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 32 
 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 32 
 
 Item 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 EXHIBITS. 
 33 
 
 Part III. SIGNATURES 
 34 

i 

This report, including, without
limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including with respect to our
proposed business combination with Semnur (as defined below) . In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate
target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination, including our proposed business combination with Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Semnur 

our expectations around the
performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating
their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target
businesses; 

our ability to consummate an
initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing military action with the country of Ukraine commenced
by the Russian Federation and Belarus in February 2022 and the ongoing hostilities in the Middle East, adverse changes in general economic
industry and competitive conditions, or adverse changes in government regulation or prevailing market interest rates; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

the use of proceeds not held
in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

the trust account not being
subject to claims of third parties. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may
cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors, elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PArt
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITem
1. Unaudited CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and Investments held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders Deficit 

Accounts payable and accrued offering costs and expenses 

Accrued interest expense -related party 

Accrued interest expense - others 

Promissory Note - related party 

Promissory Note - Others 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriter compensation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding

-
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (excluding 751,837 and 4,537,829 shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

For the 
 For the 
 For the 
 For the 

Three Months Ended 
 Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other expense/(income) 

Interest expense 

Income earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Net income/(loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average redeemable ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable ordinary share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

2 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

For
 the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Shareholders 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B Ordinary Shares 
 Accumulated 
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 (Audited) 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Shareholders 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Accumulated 
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 (Audited) 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance as of March 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Subsequent measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (interest earned on trust account and extension deposit) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance
 as of September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months 
 For the Nine Months 

Ended 
 Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on cash and investments held on Trust Account 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid Expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest expense -related party 

Accrued interest expense - others 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment held in Trust Account 
 -

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Redemption of ordinary shares 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Increase in investment held in Trust Account through issuance of promissory note 

Remeasurement adjustment on class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

The Company does not expect to generate any
operating revenues until after the completion of an initial Business Combination. The Company is generating non-operating income in the
form of income from the investment of proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The Company s sponsor is Denali Capital
Global Investments LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 

Financing 

The registration statement for the Company s
IPO became effective on April 6, 2022. On April 11, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of units (including over-allotment
of units) Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value
per share (such shares included in the Public Units, the Public Shares ), and redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ),
each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase Public Share at an exercise price of per share. The
Public Units were sold at a price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note
3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (including over-allotment of units)
(the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of
underwriting fees, of deferred underwriters fees and of other offering costs, and were all initially
charged to shareholders equity. 

Trust
Account 

Following the consummation of the IPO on April
11, 2022, a total of of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units was deposited
in a trust account (the Trust Account ). The net proceeds were invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity
of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund and meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Further, on April 12, 2023, the Company issued
a press release announcing that it deposited into the Trust Account, of this amount being a loan from the Sponsor
in the form of a convertible promissory note and other amount was transferred directly from the remaining cash on hand balance
at that time, in order to extend the period of time it has to consummate a business combination by an additional three months, from then
current deadline of April 11, 2023 to July 11, 2023. On July 13, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing that an aggregate
of has been deposited into the Company s Trust Account in order to extend the period of time it has to consummate
a business combination by an additional three months, from the then current deadline of July 11, 2023 to October 11, 2023. Furthermore,
subsequently, on October 11, 2023, the Company issued another press release announcing that the Company s shareholders extended
the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination from October 11, 2023 to July 11, 2024 by electing to extend
the date to consummate an initial business combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time (the
 Extension ). The Sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account for each such one-month
extension the lesser of (a) an aggregate of or (b) per public share that remains outstanding and is not redeemed
prior to any such one-month extension, unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination has occurred, and hence,
an aggregate of has been deposited into the Company s Trust Account through December 31, 2023 in order to extend the
period of time it has to consummate a business combination by an additional three months, from the then current deadline of October 11,
2023 to January 11, 2024. Until June 2024, there has been further deposit of an aggregate of into the Trust Account for
extension from January 11, 2024 to July 11, 2024. However, on June 4, 2024, to mitigate the risk of being deemed to have been operating
as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Company instructed Wilmington Trust, National Association,
the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the Trust Account
and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing bank deposit account until the earlier of (i) the
completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,
as described below. Interest on bank deposit accounts is variable and such accounts currently yield interest of approximately per
annum. 

5 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

public shares (after giving effect to withdrawals of redemptions) exercised
their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately
 million (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions
and through December 31, 2023, the Company had public shares outstanding. Further, in connection with the extraordinary
general meeting on July 10, 2024, shareholders holding public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata
portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was
removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had public shares outstanding. 

On July 10, 2024, the shareholders of the Company
held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to consider and vote upon a proposal to amend, by way of special resolution, the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company to extend (the extension the date by which the
Company must: (i) consummate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) cease its operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if it fails
to complete such initial business combination; and (iii) redeem of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 
per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO that was consummated
on April 11, 2022 from July 11, 2024 to April 11, 2025, by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial business combination on
a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time, unless the closing of the Company s initial business
combination has occurred, without the need for any further approval of the Company s shareholders, provided that the Sponsor (or
its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account for each such one-month extension the lesser of (a) an aggregate
of or (b) per public share that remains outstanding and is not redeemed prior to any such one-month extension, unless the
closing of the Company s initial business combination has occurred, in exchange for a non-interest bearing promissory note payable
upon consummation of an initial business combination. 

In connection with the extraordinary general meeting
on July 10, 2024, shareholders holding public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the
funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately million (approximately per share) was removed from
the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had public shares outstanding. 

On July
10, 2024, Company issued a convertible promissory note (the Convertible Promissory Note 2 in the total principal amount
of up to to Sponsor. The Convertible Promissory Note 2 was issued with an initial principal balance of , with the remaining
 drawable at the Company s request and upon the consent of the Sponsor prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory
Note 2. The Convertible Promissory Note 2 matures upon the earlier of (i) the effective date of the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

On August 9, 2024, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the total principal amount of up to to Scilex (the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note ).
The Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note was issued with an initial principal balance of , with the remaining 
drawable at the Company s request and upon the consent of Scilex prior to the maturity of the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory
Note. The Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note matures upon the earlier of (i) the effective date of the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024, Scilex deposited aggregated
total of drawn down from the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note to the Trust Account to extend the time the Company
has to consummate an initial business combination to October 11, 2024. 

On October 11, 2024 and November 11, 2024, Scliex had deposit aggregated
total of additional drawn down from the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note to the Trust Account to extend the time the
Company has to consummate an initial business combination to December 11, 2024. 

6 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the interest
income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns
or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Business
Combination 

The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i)
in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with
the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a
tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination (initially anticipated to be per Public Unit, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust
Account, net of taxes payable). The Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary
equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ).
The Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that
it does not then become subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ))
either prior to or upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may
be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. In shareholders meeting held on October 11, 2023, it was resolved
to eliminate this limitation that the Company may not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Company s net tangible
assets to be less than (the Redemption Limitation Amendment ). If the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period, including Extension (refer to Note 9), the Company will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income
taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary
shares (the founder shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Public Shares, and holders of founder shares
have the same shareholder rights as Public Shareholders, except that (i) prior to the Company s initial Business Combination, only
holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination, and holders of a majority of the founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (iii) the Company s
initial shareholders have entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the
substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of the Company s Public Shares in connection
with an initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an
initial Business Combination by September 11, 2024, and (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by September 11, 2024, although they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails
to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, (iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into
Public Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder thereof, and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If the Company submits its initial
Business Combination to its Public Shareholders for a vote, the Sponsor and each member of the Company s management team have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares and Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. During an extraordinary general
meeting held on October 11, 2023, a proposal was approved that Class A ordinary shares will be issued to holders of Class B ordinary shares
upon the exercise of the right of a holder of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, to convert
such holder s Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at any time and from time to time prior
to the closing of an initial business combination at the election of the holder (the Founder Share Amendment ). No such conversions
have been made as of the date of this filing. Further, Class A ordinary shares do not possess redemption rights. 

7 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

per Public Share or (ii)
the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per
Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes.
This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account, nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Company s Sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

Merger Agreement Longevity (termination) 

On January 25, 2023, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Longevity Merger Agreement ), by and among Longevity Biomedical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Longevity ), Denali SPAC Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Holdco ),
Denali SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Denali Merger Sub ),
Longevity Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco Longevity Merger Sub ),
and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative (the Seller Representative ). 

Pursuant to the Longevity Merger Agreement, the
parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the Longevity Business Combination and, together with
the other transactions contemplated by the Longevity Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), pursuant to which, among other
things, immediately following the consummation of the acquisitions by Longevity of each of Cerevast Medical, Inc., Aegeria Soft Tissue
LLC, and Novokera LLC, (i) Denali Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Denali Merger ), with the Company
as the surviving entity of the Denali Merger, and (ii) Longevity Merger Sub will merge with and into Longevity (the Longevity Merger ),
with Longevity as the surviving company of the Longevity Merger. Following the Denali Merger and Longevity Merger, each of Longevity and
the Company will be a subsidiary of Holdco, and Holdco will become a publicly traded company. At the closing of the Transactions (the
 Closing ), Holdco will change its name to Longevity Biomedical, Inc., and its common stock is expected to list on the Nasdaq
Global Market under the ticker symbol LBIO. 

On June 26, 2024, pursuant to Section 11.1(a)
of the Longevity Merger Agreement, the parties entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement pursuant
to which the Longevity Merger Agreement was terminated effective as of the date of the Termination Agreement (the Termination ).
Denali and its sponsor intend to seek alternative ways to consummate an initial business combination. 

As a result of the Termination Agreement, the
Longevity Merger Agreement will be of no further force and effect (other than certain customary limited provisions that survive the termination
pursuant to the terms of the Longevity Merger Agreement) and ancillary agreements entered into in connection with the Longevity Merger
Agreement including (a) the voting and support agreement, pursuant to which the sole stockholder Longevity has agreed to, among other
things, (i) vote in favor of the Longevity Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) be bound by certain other
covenants and agreements related to the Transactions and (b) the voting and support agreement, by an among the Company, Longevity, and
the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed (i) to vote in favor of the proposed transactions contemplated by the Longevity Merger
Agreement, (ii) to appear at the extraordinary meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (iii) to vote against any proposals that
would materially impede the proposed transactions contemplated by the Longevity Merger Agreement, (iv) to not redeem any Class A ordinary
shares held by it that may be redeemed and (v) to waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in the Company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to the Class B ordinary shares held by the Sponsor, will also automatically
terminate in accordance with their respective terms. As a result of the termination of the Longevity Merger Agreement, on August 9, 2024,
Holdco filed a Form RW to withdraw its registration statement on Form S-4, as amended, initially filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023. 

8 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

divided by (b) , and will be payable in New Semnur Common Shares. In accordance with
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, following the Domestication and at the effective time of the Merger (the
 Effective Time ): (i) each share of common stock of Semnur issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be automatically converted into the right to receive, without interest, a number of New Semnur Shares equal to the Exchange
Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) each share of Series A preferred stock of Semnur issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be automatically converted into the right to receive, without interest, (a) one New Semnur Preferred Share
and (b) one-tenth of one New Semnur Common Share, and (iii) subject to the Company s receipt of the Option Exchange Approval (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), each option to purchase a share of Semnur common stock that is then outstanding shall be converted into
the right to receive an option to purchase a number of New Semnur Common Shares as determined by the Exchange Ratio upon substantially
the same terms and conditions as are in effect with respect to such option immediately prior to the Effective Time, with the exercise
price thereof adjusted by the Exchange Ratio. For purposes of the Merger Agreement, Semnur s equity value is . 

Other Agreements 

The Merger Agreement contemplates the execution
of various additional agreements and instruments, on or before the closing of the Merger, including, among others, the following: 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Sponsor and each of the Company s directors and executive officers entered into a sponsor support agreement with
the Company and Semnur (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor and each of Company s directors
and executive officers has agreed to, among other things: (i) vote in favor of the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) and in favor of any proposal in respect of an Extension Amendment (as such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement);
(ii) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any Business Combination (as such term is defined
in Denali s organizational documents) or any proposal relating thereto (in each case, other than as contemplated by the Merger Agreement);
(iii) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination,
sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company (other than
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby); (iv) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable)
any change in the business, management or board of directors of the Company (other than in connection with the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby); and (v) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any proposal, action
or agreement that would (a) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of the Sponsor Support Agreement or the Merger Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any
other obligation or agreement of Denali or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, (c) result in any of the conditions set forth in Article
VIII of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or (d) change in any manner the dividend policy or capitalization of, including the voting
rights of any class of capital stock of, the Company. Under the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Sponsor also agreed to certain
standstill provisions with respect to the ordinary shares and other equity securities of the Company held by the Sponsor. 

Stockholder Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Company, Semnur and Scilex (as the sole stockholder of Semnur) entered into a company stockholder support agreement (the
 Stockholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which Scilex agreed to, among other things: (i) appear at any meeting of Semnur s
stockholders related to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or otherwise cause its shares of Semnur common stock to
be counted as present thereat for the purpose of establishing a quorum; (ii) vote (or execute and return an action by written consent),
or cause to be voted at any such meeting of Semnur s stockholders (or validly execute and return and cause such consent to be granted
with respect to), all of its shares of Semnur common stock in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination; (iii) authorize
and approve any amendment to Semnur s certificate of incorporation or bylaws that is deemed necessary or advisable by Semnur for
purposes of effecting the Business Combination; and (iv) vote (or execute and return an action by written consent), or cause to be voted
at any such meeting of Semnur s stockholders (or validly execute and return and cause such consent to be granted with respect to),
all of its shares of Semnur common stock against any other action that would reasonably be expected to (a) impede, interfere with, frustrate,
delay, postpone or adversely affect the Business Combination, (b) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or other
obligation or agreement of Semnur under the Merger Agreement or (c) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or
other obligation or agreement of Scilex contained in the Stockholder Support Agreement. 

9 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Class B ordinary shares, par value
 per share (the Purchased Interests ), of the Company that are currently held by the Sponsor. The aggregate consideration
for the purchase and sale of the Purchased Interests is as follows: (i) (the Cash Consideration and (ii) 
shares of common stock, par value per share, of Scilex (the Scilex Shares ). Pursuant to the SIPA, Scilex has paid
the Cash Consideration on the Signing Date and has agreed to issue the Scilex Shares to the Sponsor contingent upon and following the
occurrence of the Effective Time. The Purchased Interests will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one New Semnur Common
Share at the effective time of the Domestication pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at or
prior to the closing of the Merger, the Company and Scilex will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ), which, among other things, will govern the registration of certain New Semnur Common Shares
for resale and be effective as of the closing of the Merger. 

Stockholder Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Company entered into a Stockholder Agreement with Scilex (the Stockholder Agreement ). Pursuant to the Stockholder
Agreement, from and after the Effective Time, and for so long as Scilex beneficially owns any New Semnur Preferred Shares, among other
things, (i) Scilex shall have the right, but not the obligation, to designate each director to be nominated, elected or appointed to the
Board of Directors of New Semnur New Semnur Board (each, a Stockholder Designee and collectively, the Stockholder
Designees ), regardless of (i) whether such Stockholder Designee is to be elected to the New Semnur Board at a meeting of stockholders
called for the purpose of electing directors (or by consent in lieu of meeting) or appointed by the New Semnur Board in order to fill
any vacancy created by the departure of any director or increase in the authorized number of members of the New Semnur Board, or (ii)
the size of the New Semnur Board, and New Semnur will be required to take all actions reasonably necessary, and not otherwise prohibited
by applicable law, to cause each Stockholder Designee to be so nominated, elected or appointed to the New Semnur Board as more fully described
in the Stockholder Agreement. Scilex shall also have the right to designate a replacement director for any Stockholder Designee that has
been removed from the New Semnur Board and the right to appoint a representative of Scilex to attend all meetings of the committees of
the New Semnur Board. The Stockholder Agreement also provides that New Semnur will be prohibited from taking certain actions without the
consent of Scilex. Such actions include, among other things, amendments to the certificate of designations designating the New Semnur
Preferred Shares, increases or decreases in the size of the New Semnur Board, the incurrence of certain amounts of indebtedness and the
payment of dividends on New Semnur Common Shares. In addition, the Stockholder Agreement provides that New Semnur will be prohibited from
taking certain actions without the consent of Oramed (but only until the date on which all payments under the Oramed Note and all other
obligations under the Oramed Note have been paid in full in cash (such date, the Release Date )). The actions that require
Oramed s consent include, among other things, (i) amending certain agreements, including the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger Agreement,
New Semnur s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, Semnur s 2024 Stock Option Plan, the Stockholder Support Agreement and
the Debt Exchange Agreement, in each case that adversely affect the rights of capital stock held by Scilex in New Semnur (ii) approval
of the issuance of capital stock of New Semnur that would result in Scilex holding less than of the outstanding shares or voting power
of New Semnur, (iii) forming any subsidiary that is not wholly owned and controlled by New Semnur, (iv) permitting any option grants to
Scilex Insiders (as defined therein) pursuant to Semnur s 2024 Stock Option Plan prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement
to be exercisable and (v) permitting certain compensation payments to Scilex Insiders (as defined therein). 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern Consideration 

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the founder shares and
the loan under an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note from the Sponsor of up to (see Note 5) which
was fully repaid on April 12, 2022. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on April 11, 2022,
a total of was placed in the Trust Account, and the Company had of cash held outside of the
Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital purposes. In connection with the IPO, the
Company incurred in transaction costs, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred
underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

As of September 30, 2024, all of the assets of
 held in the Trust Account have been held solely in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank. The Company
intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less income taxes payable), to complete the Business Combination. To the extent that the Company s share capital or debt
is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will
be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue the Company s
growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
of outside of the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete the business combination, it intends to use the funds held
outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

10 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to,
loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination,
it will repay such loaned amounts without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would
be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a
portion of the working capital held outside of the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account
would be used for such repayment. On April 11, 2023, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note Convertible Promissory
Note 1 in the total principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. The Convertible Promissory Note 1 bears an interest
accruing on the unpaid and outstanding total principal amount at the lowest short-term Applicable Federal Rate as in effect on the date
thereof and is payable in arrears on the maturity date. Interest will be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number
of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Convertible Promissory Note 1 was issued with an initial principal balance
of . The Sponsor has further lent loans in the aggregate amount of on July 18, 2023, October 12, 2023 and December
29, 2023. The Sponsor further lent an aggregate of to the Company for the Convertible Promissory Note 1 during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. On April 2, 2024 the Company and Sponsor agree that, in addition to the Initial Principal Amount, the
Company may request an additional aggregate amount of up to , which may be drawn down in one or more tranches at any time prior
to the Maturity Date (each a Drawdown Request raising the total limit up to . 

On July 10, 2024, the Company issued Convertible
Promissory Note 2 in the total principal amount of up to to Sponsor. The Convertible Promissory Note 2 was issued with an initial
principal balance of , with the remaining drawable at the Company s request
and upon the consent of the Sponsor prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note 2. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was an amount
of outstanding under Working Capital Loans in the form of the Convertible Promissory Note 1 and 2 issued to Sponsor. 

On July 11, 2023, the Company issued a convertible
note FutureTech Convertible Promissory Note in the total principal amount of to FutureTech Capital LLC FutureTech and of such amount has been utilized to fund the required payment in order to extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination. On October 11, 2023, the Company issued another convertible promissory note in the total principal amount of up to to
FutureTech. The Convertible Promissory Note was issued with an initial principal balance of , with the remaining drawable
at the Company s request and upon the consent of FutureTech prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note. Consequently,
 of such amount has been utilized to fund the required payment in order to extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination from October 11, 2023 to July 11, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there was an amount of outstanding in the
form of the Convertible Promissory Note issued to FutureTech. Further, the amount of with interest at on amount
borrowed from Futuretech for the Extension was recognized as accrued interest expense others as of September 30, 2024. 

On August 9, 2024, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note in the total principal amount of up to to Scilex (the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note ).
The Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note was issued with an initial principal balance of , with the remaining 
drawable at the Company s request and upon the consent of Scilex prior to the maturity of the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory
Note. The Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note matures upon the earlier of (i) the effective date of the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024, Scilex deposited aggregated
total of drawn down from the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note to the Trust Account to extend the time the Company
has to consummate an initial business combination to October 11, 2024. 

On October 11, 2024 and November 11, 2024, Scliex
had deposit aggregated total of additional drawn down from the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note to the Trust Account
to extend the time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination to December 11, 2024. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
the Company will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the consummation of the initial
Business Combination. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. 

In accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern , the Company has evaluated that there are certain conditions and events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through April 11, 2025
(as extended pursuant to amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company dated July 10, 2024), the date
that the Company will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated.
These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets
or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

11 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

million required
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A). The staff at Nasdaq also noted in the
Letter that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(3)(A), which requires listed companies to have total assets
and total revenue of at least each for the most recently completed fiscal year or for two of the three most recently
completed fiscal years. The Letter is only a notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing
or trading of the Company s securities on Nasdaq. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar
days, or until August 20, 2024, to regain compliance. The Letter notes that to regain compliance, the Company s MVLS must close
at or above million for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during the compliance period. The Letter further notes that
if the Company is unable to satisfy the MVLS requirement prior to such date, the Company may be eligible to transfer the listing of its
securities to The Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that the Company then satisfies the requirements for continued listing on that market).
If the Company does not regain compliance by August 20, 2024, Nasdaq staff will provide written notice to the Company that its securities
are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any such delisting determination to a hearings panel. The Company intends
to actively monitor the Company s MVLS between now and August 20, 2024, and may, if appropriate, evaluate available options to resolve
the deficiency and regain compliance with the MVLS requirement. While the Company is exercising diligent efforts to maintain the listing
of its securities on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing
standards. 

On July 26, 2024, Denali, received a letter from
the staff at Nasdaq informing Denali that it had regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A) and that Nasdaq is in compliance
with the Nasdaq Global Market s requirements. The Denali Units continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol DECAU ,
the Class A Ordinary Shares continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol DECA and Denali public warrants continue to trade
on Nasdaq under the symbol DECAW. 

12 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Gains and losses resulting
from the change in fair value of these securities are included in income on Trust Account in the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investment held in the Trust Account are determined using available market
information. 

per annum. 

Public
Warrants (as defined in Note 3) and Private Placement Warrants (as defined in Note 4) as equity-classified instruments. 

13 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, respectively,
outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

14 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Redemption of shares per share) 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on Trust Account) 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (extension deposit) 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption December 31, 2023 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on Trust Account) 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (extension deposit) 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption March 31, 2024 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on Trust Account) 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (extension deposit) 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2024 

Redemption of shares per share) 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on Trust Account) 
 - 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (extension deposit) 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

founder
shares that were forfeited during the three months ended June 30, 2022, due to the underwriters partial exercise of their
over-allotment option. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares,
the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the
undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed
income (loss) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. 

15 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Allocation of net income/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 
 -

-

Allocation of net income/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share 

16 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Public Units, inclusive of Public Units issued pursuant to the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option. The Public Units were sold at a purchase price of per Public Unit, generating gross
proceeds of . Each Public Unit consists of Public Share and Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase Public Share at a price of per share. 

The warrants will become exercisable on the later
of 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing
of the IPO and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation (see Note 7). 

17 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Private Placement Units (including Private
Placement Units pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per Private
Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each whole Private Placement Unit consists of Class
A ordinary share Private Placement Shares and warrant Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private
Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to
adjustment. Certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the IPO held in the
Trust Account. 

If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (refer to Note 1), the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the
Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Class A ordinary shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. The Private Placement Units will not be transferable,
assignable, or saleable until 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

founder shares to the Sponsor in exchange for a payment
of from the Sponsor for deferred offering costs. In March 2022, the Sponsor transferred founder shares
to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and founder shares to certain members of the Company s board of
directors. On May 23, 2022, founder shares were forfeited by the Sponsor as the underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment
option on the remaining Public Units (see Note 6), resulting in the Sponsor holding a balance of founder
shares. 

The founder
shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the IPO, except that the founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination (see Note 7). Also,
the Sponsor and each member of the Company s management team have entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and Public Shares held by them. 

The Sponsor and the Company s directors
and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year
after the completion of an initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Public Shares for cash, securities or other property.
Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor and the Company s directors
and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 

The sale of the founder shares to the Company s
Chief Financial Officer and to certain members of the Company s board of directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors and executive
officers was or per share. The founder shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence
of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the founder shares is recognized only when the performance condition is of
probable occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined
that a Business Combination is not considered probable until it occurs and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized.

In connection with the execution and delivery
of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor and Scilex entered into a Sponsor Interest Purchase Agreement (the SIPA dated August
30, 2024 (the Signing Date ). Pursuant to the SIPA, Scilex agreed to purchase Class B ordinary shares, par value
 per share (the Purchased Interests ), of the Company that are currently held by the Sponsor. The aggregate consideration
for the purchase and sale of the Purchased Interests is as follows: (i) (the Cash Consideration and (ii) 
shares of common stock, par value per share, of Scilex (the Scilex Shares ). Pursuant to the SIPA, Scilex has paid
the Cash Consideration on the Signing Date and has agreed to issue the Scilex Shares to the Sponsor contingent upon and following the
occurrence of the Effective Time. The Purchased Interests will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one New Semnur Common
Share at the effective time of the Domestication pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

18 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Class B Ordinary Shares to Scilex. The Company accounted for
the SIPA in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5T SAB Topic 5T ). The Company determined the SIPA represents
a transfer of economic value that benefit to the Company as the SIPA is executed on the closing of the Merger that was contemplates by
the Merger Agreement. According to SAB Topic 5T, if the Sponsor is settling an obligation or expense on behalf of the Company through
a transfer of shares or other consideration, the fair value of the shares transferred less the consideration received would be recognized
as an expense by the Company. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the Company s
 Class B ordinary shares on September 3, 2024 transferred to Scilex by the Sponsor, which was less than the Cash Consideration
plus the fair value of Scilex Shares. The Company determined that the Class B ordinary shares were sold at premium and
no expense should be recorded. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, may,
but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans. If the Company completes a Business Combination, it would repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside of the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no
proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

The Working Capital loans would either be repaid
upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of per unit. On April 11, 2023,
the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note in the total principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. The Convertible
Promissory Note bears an interest accruing on the unpaid and outstanding total principal amount at the lowest short-term Applicable Federal
Rate as in effect on the date thereof and is payable in arrears on the maturity date. Interest will be calculated on the basis of a 365-day
year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Convertible Promissory Note was issued with
an initial principal balance of . The Sponsor has further lent loans in the aggregate amount of on July 18, 2023,
October 12, 2023 and December 29, 2023. On December 29, 2023 the Company and Sponsor agree that, in addition to the Initial Principal
Amount, the Company may request an additional aggregate amount of up to , which may be drawn down in one or more tranches at any
time prior to the Maturity Date (each a Drawdown Request raising the total limit up to . The Sponsor further
lent an aggregate of to the Company against the Convertible Promissory Note during the nine months ended September 30, 2024.
As of September 30, 2024, there was an amount of outstanding under Working Capital Loans in the form of the Convertible
Promissory Note issued to Sponsor. Further, an amount of with interest at on the amount borrowed from the Sponsor
was recognized as accrued interest expense related party as of September 30, 2024. On April 2, 2024, the Company and Sponsor agree
that, in addition to the Initial Principal Amount, the Company may request an additional aggregate amount of up to , which may
be drawn down in one or more tranches at any time prior to the Maturity Date (each a Drawdown Request raising the total
limit up to . As of September 30, 2024, the Company has drawn down a total of of the additional aggregate amount
available. 

On
July 10, 2024, the Company issued Convertible Promissory Note 2 in the total principal amount of up to to Sponsor. The Convertible
Promissory Note 2 was issued with an initial principal balance of , with the remaining drawable at the Company s
request and upon the consent of the Sponsor prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note 2. 

per Public Unit, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing
of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Public Unit, or in the
aggregate, which is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. On November 20, 2023, the Company s Underwriters entered into an Underwriter Letter Agreement, pursuant
to which the Company s Underwriters have agreed to receive , or , of the aggregate deferred underwriting
commission owed to them upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination in the form of shares of
Holdco Common Stock. Under the terms of the Underwriter Letter Agreement, the Underwriter Share Consideration will be issued at the Closing
and the remaining aggregate of deferred underwriting compensation owed will remain payable at the Closing in cash under
the original terms of the underwriting agreement. 

19 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

preference shares with a par value of per
share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board
of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value
of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, excluding and Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption. 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with
a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding. On May 23, 2022, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited as the underwriters did not exercise
the over-allotment option on the remaining Public Units. 

Prior to the Company s initial Business
Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority
of the Company s Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. In addition, in a vote to
continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of
all ordinary shares voted at a general meeting), holders of founder shares will have ten votes for every founder share and holders of
Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share and, as a result, the Company s initial shareholders
will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares on the consummation of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, approximately 
of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of
Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued
or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (after giving
effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team
upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory
redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the
Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. During a shareholders extraordinary
general meeting held on October 11, 2023, a proposal was approved that Class A ordinary shares will be issued to holders of Class B ordinary
shares upon the exercise of the right of a holder of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, to
convert such holder s Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at any time and from time to time
prior to the closing of an initial business combination at the election of the holder (the Founder Share Amendment ). 

Warrants 

All warrants
(Public Warrants and Private Warrants) will become exercisable at per share, subject to adjustment, on the later of days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination or months from the closing of the IPO; provided in each case that the Company
has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any
warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account. 

20 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

per ordinary share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares
during the 20-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price. 

The Company has not registered
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and
it will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the initial Business
Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may,
at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants 

Once the
warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, which is referred to as the -day redemption period; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

21 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

22 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

million,
and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(3)(A) (the Total Assets Rule and, together with the MVLS Rule, the Listing Rules ),
which requires the Company to maintain total assets and total revenue of at least million each for the most recently completed fiscal
year or two of the three most recently completed fiscal years, for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market. The Notice is only a
notification of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities
on the Nasdaq Global Market. 

On October 9, 2024 and November 9, 2024, Scilex
had deposited aggregate of drawn down from the Extension Scilex Convertible Promissory Note to the Trust Account to extend the
time the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from October 11, 2024 to December 11, 2024. 

23 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References in this
report (the Quarterly Report to the Company, our, us or we refer
to Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto contained elsewhere
in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and variations thereof and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on
information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events,
performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk
Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering IPO filed with the SEC on April 7,
2022, the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the
SEC on July 10, 2024 relating to its termination of proposed business combination with Longevity. The Company s securities filings
can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check
company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 5, 2022 (inception), for the purpose of effecting an initial business
combination. While we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target
company, we intend to focus on technology, consumer and hospitality and will not complete our initial business combination with a target
that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and
Macau). We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of units in the
Private Placement to the sponsor, additional shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

We expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination
will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On
February 22, 2024, Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company received a letter (the Letter from the
staff at Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Letter, the Company s
Minimum Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of 50 million required for continued listing on The Nasdaq
Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A). The staff at Nasdaq also noted in the Letter that the Company is not in compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(3)(A), which requires listed companies to have total assets and total revenue of at least 50,000,000
each for the most recently completed fiscal year or for two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. The Letter is only a notification
of deficiency, not of imminent delisting, and has no current effect on the listing or trading of the Company s securities on Nasdaq.
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company has 180 calendar days, or until August 20, 2024, to regain compliance.
The Letter notes that to regain compliance, the Company s MVLS must close at or above 50 million for a minimum of ten consecutive
business days during the compliance period. The Letter further notes that if the Company is unable to satisfy the MVLS requirement prior
to such date, the Company may be eligible to transfer the listing of its securities to The Nasdaq Capital Market (provided that the Company
then satisfies the requirements for continued listing on that market). If the Company does not regain compliance by August 20, 2024, Nasdaq
staff will provide written notice to the Company that its securities are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal any
such delisting determination to a hearings panel. The Company intends to actively monitor the Company s MVLS between now and August
20, 2024, and may, if appropriate, evaluate available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the MVLS requirement.
While the Company is exercising diligent efforts to maintain the listing of its securities on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing standards. 

On January 25, 2023,
we entered into the Longevity Merger Agreement, by and among Longevity, New PubCo, Denali Merger Sub, Longevity Merger Sub, and the Seller
Representative. 

24 

On
March 29, 2023, HoldCo filed a Form S-4 with the SEC to register shares of its common stock that will be issued in connection with the
business combination contemplated by the Longevity Merger Agreement, as amended by Amendments
Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 thereto, filed with the SEC on May 31, 2023, July 13, 2023, September 1, 2023, October 20, 2023, November 21,
2023 and December 6, 2023 respectively. On December 14, 2023, HoldCo filed a notice of effectiveness. On January 9, 2024, our shareholders
held a Business Combination Meeting and voted in favor of approving the Longevity Business Combination. 

On June 26, 2024, pursuant to Section 11.1(a)
of the Longevity Merger Agreement, the parties entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement pursuant
to which the Longevity Merger Agreement was terminated effective as of the date of the Termination Agreement. Denali and its sponsor intend
to seek alternative ways to consummate an initial business combination. 

As a result of the Termination Agreement, the Longevity Merger Agreement
will be of no further force and effect (other than certain customary limited provisions that survive the termination pursuant to the terms
of the Longevity Merger Agreement) and ancillary agreements entered into in connection with the Longevity Merger Agreement will also automatically
terminate in accordance with their respective terms. As a result of the termination of the Longevity Merger Agreement, New PubCo intends
to withdraw its registration statement on Form S-4, as amended, initially filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023. 

On July 2, 2024, the Company issued a press release
to announce that it entered into a letter of intent with Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company Scilex ( Semnur ), for a potential business combination. There can be no assurance that a definitive merger
agreement will be entered into or that the proposed transaction will be consummated. 

On
July 10, 2024, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 180,000 the Sponsor. The Convertible
Promissory Note was issued with an initial principal balance of 15,036.74, with the remaining 164,963.26 drawable at the Company s
request and upon the consent of the Sponsor prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note. The Convertible Promissory Note
matures upon the earlier of (i) the effective date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (ii) the
date of the liquidation of the Company. 

In connection with the extraordinary general meeting
on July 10, 2024, shareholders holding 3,785,992 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the
funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately 43.4 million (approximately 11.47 per share) was removed from
the Trust Account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, the Company had 751,837 public shares outstanding. 

On July 10, 2024, the shareholder of the Company
held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Shareholder Meeting consider and vote upon a proposal to amend,
by way of special resolution, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Extension Amendment
Proposal to extend (the extension the date by which the Company must: (i) consummate a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or
entities (an initial business combination (ii) cease its operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if it fails
to complete such initial business combination; and (iii) redeem 100 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), included as part of the units sold in the Company s IPO that was consummated
on April 11, 2022 from July 11, 2024 to April 11, 2025, by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial business combination on
a monthly basis for up to nine (9) times by an additional one month each time, unless the closing of the Company s initial business
combination has occurred, without the need for any further approval of the Company s shareholders, provided that the Sponsor (or
its affiliates or permitted designees) will deposit into the Trust Account for each such one-month extension the lesser of (a) an aggregate
of 20,000 or (b) 0.02 per public share that remains outstanding and is not redeemed prior to any such one-month extension, unless the
closing of the Company s initial business combination has occurred, in exchange for a non-interest bearing promissory note payable
upon consummation of an initial business combination. 

On August 30, 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement with Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Semnur ), a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company Scilex ), and Denali Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ). 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the Merger Agreement, the total consideration to be paid at Closing by the Company to Semnur s equity holders will be an amount
equal to the quotient of (a) 2,500,000,000 divided by (b) 10.00, and will be payable in New Semnur Common Shares. In accordance with
the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, following the Domestication and at the effective time of the Merger (the
 Effective Time ): (i) each share of common stock of Semnur issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be automatically converted into the right to receive, without interest, a number of New Semnur Shares equal to the Exchange
Ratio (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) each share of Series A preferred stock of Semnur issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be automatically converted into the right to receive, without interest, (a) one New Semnur Preferred Share
and (b) one-tenth of one New Semnur Common Share, and (iii) subject to the Company s receipt of the Option Exchange Approval (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), each option to purchase a share of Semnur common stock that is then outstanding shall be converted into
the right to receive an option to purchase a number of New Semnur Common Shares as determined by the Exchange Ratio upon substantially
the same terms and conditions as are in effect with respect to such option immediately prior to the Effective Time, with the exercise
price thereof adjusted by the Exchange Ratio. For purposes of the Merger Agreement, Semnur s equity value is 2,500,000,000. 

25 

The Merger Agreement contemplates the execution
of various additional agreements and instruments, on or before the closing of the Merger, including, among others, the following: 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Sponsor and each of the Company s directors and executive officers entered into a sponsor support agreement with
the Company and Semnur (the Sponsor Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor and each of Company s directors
and executive officers has agreed to, among other things: (i) vote in favor of the Parent Shareholder Approval Matters (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) and in favor of any proposal in respect of an Extension Amendment (as such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement);
(ii) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any Business Combination (as such term is defined
in Denali s organizational documents) or any proposal relating thereto (in each case, other than as contemplated by the Merger Agreement);
(iii) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any merger agreement or merger, consolidation, combination,
sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company (other than
the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby); (iv) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable)
any change in the business, management or board of directors of the Company (other than in connection with the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby); and (v) vote against (or otherwise withhold written consent of, as applicable) any proposal, action
or agreement that would (a) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of the Sponsor Support Agreement or the Merger Agreement
or any of the transactions contemplated thereby, (b) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any
other obligation or agreement of Denali or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, (c) result in any of the conditions set forth in Article
VIII of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or (d) change in any manner the dividend policy or capitalization of, including the voting
rights of any class of capital stock of, the Company. Under the terms of the Sponsor Support Agreement, the Sponsor also agreed to certain
standstill provisions with respect to the ordinary shares and other equity securities of the Company held by the Sponsor. 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Company, Semnur and Scilex (as the sole stockholder of Semnur) entered into a company stockholder support agreement (the
 Stockholder Support Agreement ), pursuant to which Scilex agreed to, among other things: (i) appear at any meeting of Semnur s
stockholders related to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or otherwise cause its shares of Semnur common stock to
be counted as present thereat for the purpose of establishing a quorum; (ii) vote (or execute and return an action by written consent),
or cause to be voted at any such meeting of Semnur s stockholders (or validly execute and return and cause such consent to be granted
with respect to), all of its shares of Semnur common stock in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination; (iii) authorize
and approve any amendment to Semnur s certificate of incorporation or bylaws that is deemed necessary or advisable by Semnur for
purposes of effecting the Business Combination; and (iv) vote (or execute and return an action by written consent), or cause to be voted
at any such meeting of Semnur s stockholders (or validly execute and return and cause such consent to be granted with respect to),
all of its shares of Semnur common stock against any other action that would reasonably be expected to (a) impede, interfere with, frustrate,
delay, postpone or adversely affect the Business Combination, (b) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or other
obligation or agreement of Semnur under the Merger Agreement or (c) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or
other obligation or agreement of Scilex contained in the Stockholder Support Agreement. 

In connection with the execution and delivery
of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor and Scilex entered into a Sponsor Interest Purchase Agreement (the SIPA dated August
30, 2024 (the Signing Date ). Pursuant to the SIPA, Scilex agreed to purchase 500,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Purchased Interests ), of the Company that are currently held by the Sponsor. The aggregate consideration
for the purchase and sale of the Purchased Interests is as follows: (i) 2,000,000 (the Cash Consideration and (ii) 300,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Scilex (the Scilex Shares ). Pursuant to the SIPA, Scilex has paid
the Cash Consideration on the Signing Date and has agreed to issue the Scilex Shares to the Sponsor contingent upon and following the
occurrence of the Effective Time. The Purchased Interests will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one New Semnur Common
Share at the effective time of the Domestication pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement.The Merger Agreement contemplates that,
at or prior to the closing of the Merger, the Company and Scilex will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement
(the Registration Rights Agreement ), which, among other things, will govern the registration of certain New Semnur Common
Shares for resale and be effective as of the closing of the Merger. 

The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at or
prior to the closing of the Merger, the Company and Scilex will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ), which, among other things, will govern the registration of certain New Semnur Common Shares
for resale and be effective as of the closing of the Merger. 

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Company entered into a Stockholder Agreement with Scilex (the Stockholder Agreement ). Pursuant to the Stockholder
Agreement, from and after the Effective Time, and for so long as Scilex beneficially owns any New Semnur Preferred Shares, among other
things, (i) Scilex shall have the right, but not the obligation, to designate each director to be nominated, elected or appointed to the
Board of Directors of New Semnur New Semnur Board (each, a Stockholder Designee and collectively, the Stockholder
Designees ), regardless of (i) whether such Stockholder Designee is to be elected to the New Semnur Board at a meeting of stockholders
called for the purpose of electing directors (or by consent in lieu of meeting) or appointed by the New Semnur Board in order to fill
any vacancy created by the departure of any director or increase in the authorized number of members of the New Semnur Board, or (ii)
the size of the New Semnur Board, and New Semnur will be required to take all actions reasonably necessary, and not otherwise prohibited
by applicable law, to cause each Stockholder Designee to be so nominated, elected or appointed to the New Semnur Board as more fully described
in the Stockholder Agreement. Scilex shall also have the right to designate a replacement director for any Stockholder Designee that has
been removed from the New Semnur Board and the right to appoint a representative of Scilex to attend all meetings of the committees of
the New Semnur Board. The Stockholder Agreement also provides that New Semnur will be prohibited from taking certain actions without the
consent of Scilex. Such actions include, among other things, amendments to the certificate of designations designating the New Semnur
Preferred Shares, increases or decreases in the size of the New Semnur Board, the incurrence of certain amounts of indebtedness and the
payment of dividends on New Semnur Common Shares. In addition, the Stockholder Agreement provides that New Semnur will be prohibited from
taking certain actions without the consent of Oramed (but only until the date on which all payments under the Oramed Note and all other
obligations under the Oramed Note have been paid in full in cash (such date, the Release Date )). The actions that require
Oramed s consent include, among other things, (i) amending certain agreements, including the Stockholder Agreement, the Merger Agreement,
New Semnur s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, Semnur s 2024 Stock Option Plan, the Stockholder Support Agreement and
the Debt Exchange Agreement, in each case that adversely affect the rights of capital stock held by Scilex in New Semnur (ii) approval
of the issuance of capital stock of New Semnur that would result in Scilex holding less than 55 of the outstanding shares or voting power
of New Semnur, (iii) forming any subsidiary that is not wholly owned and controlled by New Semnur, (iv) permitting any option grants to
Scilex Insiders (as defined therein) pursuant to Semnur s 2024 Stock Option Plan prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement
to be exercisable and (v) permitting certain compensation payments to Scilex Insiders (as defined therein). 

26 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, the Sponsor lent an aggregate of 480,737 to the Company resulting in the principal amount of the Sponsor s
convertible promissory notes being increased to 1,323,237. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, Scilex lent an aggregate of 30,127 to the Company resulting in the principal amount of the related Convertible
Promissory Note being increased to 30,127. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, FutureTech lent an aggregate of 300,000 to the Company resulting in the
principal amount of the related convertible promissory note being increased to 1,275,000. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from January 5, 2022 (inception) through September
30, 2024, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for and complete the IPO, and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying
a target company for a business combination and activities in connection with the proposed business combination. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We are generating non-operating income in the form
of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We have incurred and will continue to incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses
in connection with searching for, and completing, a business combination. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 40,861 which primarily consists of income earned on investment held in the Trust Account
of 197,278 being partially offset by formation and operating expenses of 212,951 and interest expense of 25,188. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 672,381 which primarily consists of formation and operating expenses of 749,389 and interest
expense of 69,550 being partially offset by income earned on investment held in the Trust Account of 1,491,320. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 630,586 which primarily consists of income earned on investment held in the Trust Account
of 1,151,229 being partially offset by formation and operating expenses of 505,905 and interest expense of 14,738. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 79,193 which primarily consists of income earned on investment held in the Trust Account
of 3,089,734 being partially offset by formation and operating expenses of 2,991,344 and interest expense of 19,197. 

Cash Flows from Operating
Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 655,877, primarily due to a net income of 672,381 for the period
and the changes in current assets and liabilities of 163,062, primarily due to increase of prepaid expenses of 16,165 and increase in
accounts payable, accrued expenses of 109,677, increase in accrued interest expense related party of 39,823 and increased in
accrued interest expense others of 29,727. In addition, net cash used in operating activities includes non-cash adjustments to
reconcile net loss from income on the Trust Account of 1,491,320. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 473,787, primarily due to a net income of 79,193 for the period and
the changes in current assets and liabilities of 2,536,754, primarily due to decrease in prepaid expenses of 65,899 and increase in
accounts payable, accrued expenses of 2,451,668 and increase in accrued interest expense related party of 10,290 and increase
in accrued interest expense others of 8,897. In addition, net cash used in operating activities includes non-cash adjustments
to reconcile net income from income on the Trust Account of 3,089,734. 

27 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
net cash used in investing activities was 43,425,328 primarily due to cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption
of 3,785,992 shares of our ordinary shares by our public shareholders. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
net cash used in investing activities was 825,000 primarily due to investment held in Trust Account of 825,000 to extend the period
of time the Company has to consummate its initial business combination by an additional three months, from the then current deadline of
July 11,2023 to October 11, 2023. 

Cash Flows from Financing
Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 42,959,629 primarily due to proceeds from issuance of promissory note
to related party of 465,700, and redemption payments of 43,425,328 in connection with redemption of 3,785,992 shares of our ordinary
shares by our public shareholders. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 492,500 primarily due to proceeds from issuance of promissory note
to related party of 492,500. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Our liquidity needs prior
to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from
the Sponsor of up to 400,000 (the Promissory Note ), which was repaid after the IPO. 

On April 11, 2022, we
consummated the IPO of 8,250,000 Units, inclusive of 750,000 Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their
over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 82,500,000. Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 510,000 Private Placement Units, inclusive of 30,000 Private Placement Units sold to
the Sponsor pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each whole Private Placement Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share
at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 5,100,000. 

Following
the closing of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on April 11, 2022, a total of 84,150,000 was placed in the Trust Account,
and we had 1,515,795 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working
capital purposes. In connection with the IPO, we incurred 5,105,315 in transaction costs, consisting of 1,650,000 of underwriting fees,
 2,887,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 567,815 of other offering costs. As of September 30, 2024, we had investment held in the
Trust Account of 8,889,119. We intend to use substantially all of the remaining funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts
representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that
our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had cash of 14,287 outside of the Trust Account. If we do not complete the proposed business combination, we intend to use the funds
held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business
combination. 

28 

For finance transaction costs in connection with
a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete the initial business combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts, or at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
units of the post business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units.
In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside of the Trust
Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender.
On April 11, 2023, we issued the Convertible Promissory Note in the total principal amount of up to 825,000 to the Sponsor. The Convertible
Promissory Note bears an interest accruing on the unpaid and outstanding total principal amount at the lowest short-term Applicable Federal
Rate as in effect on the date thereof and is payable in arrears on the maturity date. Interest will be calculated on the basis of a 365-day
year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Convertible Promissory Note was issued with
an initial principal balance of 412,500. The Sponsor has further lent loans in the aggregate amount of 430,000 on July 18, 2023, October
12, 2023 and December 29, 2023. The Sponsor further lent an aggregate of 465,700 to the Company against the Convertible Promissory Note
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there was an amount of 1,308,200 outstanding under Working
Capital Loans in the form of the Convertible Promissory Note issued to Sponsor. Further, an amount of 57,844 with interest at 4.86 on
the amount borrowed from the Sponsor was recognized as accrued interest expense related party as of September 30, 2024. On April
2, 2024, the Company and Sponsor agree that, in addition to the Initial Principal Amount, the Company may request an additional aggregate
amount of up to 186,800, which may be drawn down in one or more tranches at any time prior to the Maturity Date (each a Drawdown
Request raising the total limit up to 1,200,000. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has drawn down a
total of 180,000 of the additional aggregate amount available. 

On July 10, 2024, the Company issued Convertible
Promissory Note 2 in the total principal amount of up to 180,000 to Sponsor. The Convertible Promissory Note 2 was issued with an initial
principal balance of 15,037, with the remaining 164,963 drawable at the Company s request
and upon the consent of the Sponsor prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note 2. 

On July
11, 2023, the Company issued a FutureTech Convertible Promissory Note in the total principal amount of 825,000 to FutureTech and 100 
of such amount has been utilized to fund the required payment in order to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination.
On October 11, 2023, the Company issued another convertible promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 450,000 to FutureTech.
The Convertible Promissory Note was issued with an initial principal balance of 50,000, with the remaining 400,000 drawable at
the Company s request and upon the consent of FutureTech prior to the maturity of the Convertible Promissory Note. Consequently,
 400,000 of such amount has been utilized to fund the required payment in order to extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination from October 11, 2023 to July 11, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, there was an amount of 1,275,000 outstanding in the
form of the Convertible Promissory Note issued to FutureTech. Further, the amount of 48,605 with interest at 4.80 on amount
borrowed from Futuretech for the Extension was recognized as accrued interest expense others as of September 30, 2024. 

Based on the foregoing,
management believes that we will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the consummation
of the initial business combination. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern ,
the Company has evaluated that there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through April 11, 2025 (as extended pursuant to amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association of the Company dated July 10, 2024), the date that the Company will be required to cease all operations, except
for the purpose of winding up, if a business combination is not consummated. These unaudited condensed
 consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

If our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We have no obligations,
assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We do
not participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or purchased any non-financial assets. 

29 

Other Contractual
Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of our founder
shares, Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants, including any of those issued upon conversion of any Working Capital
Loans (and any Private Placement Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of any Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed
on April 6, 2022. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed after the completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The
underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,650,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the IPO.
In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 2,887,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee
will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On November 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Deferred Discount Agreement with
the underwriters and Holdco, pursuant to which the representatives of the IPO agreed to receive 886,250 of the aggregate 1,887,500
deferred fee owed to them upon the closing of the Business Combination in the form of 86,625 shares of Holdco s common stock (the
 Common Stock Consideration ). Upon the terms of the Deferred Discount Agreement, the Common Stock Consideration will be
issued at the closing of the Business Combination and the remaining 2,021,250 of the aggregate deferred fee owed will remain payable
at the closing of the Business Combination. The Deferred Discount Agreement will terminate in the event that the Company does not consummate
the Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting
Estimates 

The
preparation of unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. Management does not believe that the Company has any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic
470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments
and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments
by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required
for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation
in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024, and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early
adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company has adopted ASU 2020-06 effective January
1, 2024 but does not have material impact on the financial position. 

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information.
ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07. 

On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued a final
standard on improvements to income tax disclosures. The standard requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity s effective
tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more detailed
income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. ASU 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,
applies to all entities subject to income taxes. For public business entities (PBEs), the new requirements will be effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2024. For entities other than public business entities (non-PBEs), the requirements will be effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025. The guidance will be applied on a prospective basis with the option to apply the
standard retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have
on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

30 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Until June 4, 2024, the net proceeds of our IPO
and the Private Placement held in the Trust Account were invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. However, on June 4, 2024, to mitigate the risk of being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment
company under the Investment Company Act, the Company instructed Wilmington Trust, National Association, the trustee with respect to the
Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all
funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. Interest on bank deposit accounts is variable and such
accounts currently yield interest of approximately 4.5 per annum. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there
will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under
the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

Part
II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks contained in our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.
263123) filed in connection with our IPO, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2023. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there
have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31,
2023, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. However, we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time
to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

Item
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

Item
5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

32 

Item
6. EXHIBITS. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Incorporated herein by reference
as indicated. 

Filed herein. 

Furnished herein. 

33 

Part
III. SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Lei Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ You Patrick Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022079601ex31-1_denali.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lei Huang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2024 of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Lei Huang 

Lei Huang 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022079601ex31-2_denali.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, You Patrick Sun, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2024 of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ You Patrick Sun 

You Patrick Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022079601ex32-1_denali.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Denali
Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lei Huang, Chief Executive Officer and Director
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Lei Huang 

Name: 
 Lei Huang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022079601ex32-2_denali.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Denali
Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, You Patrick Sun, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ You Patrick Sun 

Name: 
 You Patrick Sun 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 deca-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 deca-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 deca-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 deca-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 deca-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

