<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1838163_0001838163-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7467234</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>198920</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1411073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2044001</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2073132</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1630487</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001838163-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001838163-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brand Engagement Network Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40130
		FILM NUMBER:		241463074

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 E. SNOW KING AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1045
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		307-699-9371

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 E. SNOW KING AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1045
		CITY:			JACKSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DHC Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001838163-24-000016.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 bnai-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bnai-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 _________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes o No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 As of November 13, 2024, shares of the Issuer s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and 10,314,952 public warrants representing the right to acquire one share of the Issuer s common stock for 11.50, were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page Part I. Financial Information 
 4 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 Part II. Other Information 
 43 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 Signatures 
 53 

Brand Engagement Network, BEN, our logo and our other trademarks or service marks appearing in this report are the property of Brand Engagement Network Inc. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this report are without the , or other applicable symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, Brand Engagement Network, BEN, the Company, our, us, or we, refer to Brand Engagement Network Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as aims, anticipates, believes, contemplates, continue, could, estimates, expects, forecast, guidance, intends, may, plans, possible, potential, predicts, preliminary, projects, seeks, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words, variations of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination (as defined below); 
 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq 
 
 the attraction and retention of qualified directors, officers, employees and key personnel; 
 
 our need for additional capital and whether additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all; 
 
 the volatility of the market price and trading price for our Common Stock and Public Warrants (each as defined below); 
 
 our limited operating history; 
 
 the length of our sales cycle and the time and expense associated with it; 
 
 our ability to grow our customer base; 
 
 our dependence upon third-party service providers for certain technologies; 
 
 competition from other companies offering artificial intelligence products that have greater resources, technology, relationships and/or expertise; 
 
 our ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive market; 
 
 our ability to protect and enhance our corporate reputation and brand; 
 
 our ability to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and our ability to deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; 
 
 our ability to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate any such acquisitions; 
 
 the impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes in our industry; 
 
 increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, which could harm our business; 
 
 our ability to successfully maintain, protect, enforce and grow our intellectual property rights; 
 
 our future financial performance, including the ability of future revenues to meet projected annual bookings; 
 
 our ability to forecast and maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and appropriately plan our expenses; 
 
 our ability to generate sufficient revenue from each of our revenue streams; and 
 
 the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference herein. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Many of the important factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and, except as otherwise required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance Due from Sponsor Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Due to related parties Deferred revenue Convertible note Short-term debt Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Note payable - related party Long-term debt Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note M) per share, shares authorized, designated. There are shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 
 Common stock par value of per share, shares authorized. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Derived from audited information 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Research and development Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expenses): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Gain on debt extinguishment Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Other ) ) Other income (expenses), net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income taxes Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per common share- basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares - basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Stock issued to DHC shareholders in reverse recapitalization ) ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to Reseller Agreement Sale of common stock Warrant exercises Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Stock issued in settlement of accounts payable and loans payable Sale of common stock Warrant exercises Stock-based compensation, including vested restricted shares Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock for Standby Equity Purchase Agreement commitment fee Stock issued in settlement of accrued expenses Sale of common stock Option and warrant exercises Stock-based compensation, including vested restricted shares Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Warrant exercises Stock issued in conversion of accounts payable and loans payable Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock issued for DM Lab APA Options and warrant exercises Stock issued in conversion of convertible notes Stock issued in settlement of accounts payable and loans payable Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Options and warrant exercises Vesting of early exercised options Stock issued in conversion of convertible notes Sale of common stock, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Allowance for uncollected receivables Write off of deferred financing fees Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Gain on debt extinguishment 
 ) SEPA financing costs Stock based compensation, including the issuance of restricted shares Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expense and other current assets ) ) Accounts receivable ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Other assets Deferred revenue ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of patents ) Capitalized internal-use software costs ) ) Asset acquisition (Note D) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash and cash equivalents acquired in connection with the reverse recapitalization Proceeds from the sale of common stock Proceeds from convertible notes Proceeds from related party note Proceeds received from option and warrant exercises Payment of financing costs ) ) Payment of related party note ) Advances to related parties ) Proceeds received from related party advance repayments Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents 

BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Non-Cash Information Capitalized internal-use software costs in accrued expenses Issuance of common stock pursuant to Reseller Agreement Issuance of common stock for Standby Equity Purchase Agreement commitment fee Stock-based compensation capitalized as part of capitalized software costs Settlement of liabilities into common shares Settlement of accounts payable into convertible note Conversion of convertible notes into common shares Warrants exercise through settlement of accounts payable Financing costs in accounts payable and accrued expenses Issuance of common stock in connection with asset acquisition 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE A 
 per share, of DHC (the Class A Shares was automatically converted, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), of BEN, (ii) each issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share, par value per share, of DHC was automatically converted, on a -for-one basis, into a share of Common Stock of BEN, (iii) each then-issued and outstanding public warrant of DHC, each representing a right to acquire one Class A Share for was automatically converted, on a -for-one basis, into a public warrant of BEN (a Public Warrant ), which represents a right to acquire one share of Common Stock for , pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Warrant Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between DHC and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement ), (iv) each then-issued and outstanding private placement warrant, each representing a right to acquire one Class A Share for (a Private Placement Warrant ), was automatically converted, on a one-for-one basis, into a private placement warrant of BEN, which represents a right to acquire one share of Common Stock for , pursuant to Section 4.5 of the Warrant Agreement, (v) each then-issued and outstanding unit of DHC, each representing a Class A Share and one-third of a DHC Public Warrant (a Unit ), that had not been previously separated into the underlying Class A Share and one-third of one DHC Public Warrant upon the request of the holder thereof, were separated and automatically converted into one share of Common Stock and one-third of one Public Warrant. 
 
 Following the Domestication, on March 14, 2024, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Prior BEN (the Merger ), with Prior BEN surviving the Merger as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of BEN. In connection with the Merger, (i) all outstanding shares of Prior BEN s common stock were exchanged for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of (the Exchange Ratio shares of Common Stock per one share of Prior BEN common stock, (ii) each then-issued and outstanding compensatory warrant of Prior BEN, each representing a right to acquire one share of Prior BEN common stock, were assumed by BEN and adjusted pursuant to the Exchange Ratio and in accordance with the terms of their agreements, into new compensatory warrants of BEN, and (iii) each then issued and outstanding option to purchase shares of Prior BEN common stock, each representing a right to acquire one share of Prior BEN common stock, were assumed by BEN and adjusted pursuant to the Exchange Ratio and in accordance with the terms of their agreements, into options to purchase Common Stock. 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated, references herein to BEN, the Company, or the Combined Company, refer to Brand Engagement Network Inc. Inc. on a post-Merger basis, and references to Prior BEN refer to the business of privately- 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. 
 
 Exchange Ratio 
 
 As noted in Note C, the Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization under which the historical financial statements of the Company prior to the Merger are Prior BEN. All common stock, per share and related information presented in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes prior to the Merger have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Exchange Ratio. 
 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared as though the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had an accumulated deficit of , a net loss of and net cash used in operating activities of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Management expects to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations for at least the next 12 months. The Company has financed its operations to date from proceeds from the sale of Common Stock, exercises of warrants, the issuance of promissory notes and convertible debt, and its transactions with AFG Companies Inc. AFG ). On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the SEPA with YA II PN, Ltd. Yorkville ), whereby the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell up to of its shares of Common Stock at the Company s request any time during the months following the execution of the SEPA, subject to certain conditions. However, the Company s ability to access the proceeds from the SEPA is subject to market conditions, such as trading volume, the price of the Company s Common Stock and other factors beyond the Company s control. The Company s current liquidity position raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and proceeds from the May SPA, August SPA, SEPA (Note J), and Yorkville Promissory Note (Note N) will be insufficient to meet its anticipated cash requirements for at least the next 12 months from the date the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company will need to raise additional capital to continue to fund operations and product research and development. The Company believes that it will be able to obtain additional working capital through equity financings, additional debt, or other arrangements to fund future operations, and it intends to raise capital through equity or debt investments in the Company by third parties, including through the SEPA, however, the Company s cannot conclude these are probable of being implemented or, if probable of being implemented, being in sufficient enough amounts to satisfy the Company s contractual amounts as they presently exist that are coming due over the next 12 months as of the date of such filing. 
 
 The assumptions upon which the Company has based its estimates are routinely evaluated and may be subject to change. The actual amount of the Company s expenditures will vary depending upon several factors including but not limited to the design, timing, and the progress of the Company s research and development programs, and the level of financial resources available. The Company can adjust its operating plan spending based on available financial resources. 
 The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 NOTE B 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Unaudited interim results 
 These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s annual audited financial statements and the notes thereto as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 20, 2024. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are unaudited but have been prepared on the same basis as the annual audited financial statements and include all normal, recurring adjustments that management believes to be necessary for a fair presentation of the periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year. Balance sheet amounts as of December 31, 2023 have been derived from the audited financial statements filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on March 20, 2024 . 
 
 operating segment. 
 The Company has an office in the Republic of Korea dedicated to research and development activities. 
 Significant Risks and Uncertainties 
 There can be no assurance that the Company s research and development will be successfully commercialized. Developing and commercializing goods and services require significant time and capital and is subject to regulatory review and approval as well as competition from other AI technology companies. The Company operates in an environment of rapid change and is dependent upon the continued services of its employees and consultants and obtaining and protecting intellectual property. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Trade receivables of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are net of an allowance for expected credit losses amounting to and , respectively. 
 
 The Company capitalizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. The Company s incremental costs are related to the shares issued in connection with the Exclusive Reseller Agreement Reseller Agreement with AFG in August 2023 (Note J). Deferred customer acquisition costs, which are recorded within other assets on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet, were as of September 30, 2024. The Company had no such costs as of December 31, 2023. The deferred customer acquisition costs will be accounted for as a reduction in transaction price as the Company transfers goods and services to AFG over the term of the Reseller Agreement. 
 impairment losses were recorded for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023 . 
 years. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company did recognize an impairment charge related to its indefinite-lived IPR D. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

When the internal-use software is ready for 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 to 5 years. impa irment losses were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 

Foreign currency transaction gains and losses were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Warrant liabilities - Private Placement Warrants 
 The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants assumed in connection with the Business Combination were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815 and are presented within warrant liabilities on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are initially measured at fair value at the day of 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Warrants Convertible note (as converted) Total 

NOTE C 
 of the Combined Company and (ii) Prior BEN management held all key positions of management. Accordingly, the Merger was treated as the equivalent of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Due from Sponsor Prepaid and other current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Due to related parties ) Warrant liability ) Net liabilities assumed ) 
 , of which were charged directly to additional paid-in capital to the extent of cash received. The transaction costs in excess of cash acquired of were charged to general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended 
 
 NOTE D 
 shares of Common Stock with a fair value of and in cash consideration including in transaction-related costs. 
 The Company accounted for the transaction with DM Lab as an asset acquisition as the acquired set passed the screen test and as such did not meet the criteria to be considered a business according to ASC 805, Business Combinations . The total consideration paid including transaction-related costs was allocated to identifiable intangible and tangible assets acquired based on their acquisition date estimated fair values. The largest asset acquired was the in-process research and development intangible asset which the Company determined had alternative future uses and capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until the completion of the related research and development activities in accordance with ASC 350 or the determination that impairment is necessary. The in-process research and development intangible asset was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method which requires several judgements and assumptions to determine the fair value of intangible assets, including growth rates, EBITDA margins, and discount rates, among others. This nonrecurring fair value measurement is a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Property and equipment Liabilities assumed Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Short-term debt ) Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed Total consideration 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE E 
 Prepaid VAT Prepaid professional fees Prepaid insurance Prepaid other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 NOTE F 
 . Capitalized software costs are amortized straight-line over an estimated useful life ranging from to years . 
 Furniture Capitalized software Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 depreciation and amortization of property and equipment totaled and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 depreciation and amortization of property and equipment totaled and , resp ectively. 
 
 NOTE G 
 ) Developed technology 
 ) Total ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: In-process research and development Total ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and , respectively, in amortization expense related to the developed software. Total amortization expense including amortization related to developed software was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total amortization expense including amortization related to developed software was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 NOTE H 
 Accrued compensation and related expenses Due to related party Accrued other Accrued expenses 
 
 NOTE I 
 
 (the Cohen Convertible Note ), to settle outstanding invoices totaling related to investment banking services rendered to the Company in connection with the Business Combination. Beginning on October 14, 2024, interest will accrue at the fixed rate of 8 per annum on the outstanding principal amount until the Cohen Convertible Note is paid in full. Interest is payable monthly in cash or in-kind at the election of the Company. The Company may prepay the Cohen Convertible Note in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or premium. The Company may be required to prepay all or a portion of the Cohen Convertible Note upon the consummation of certain capital raising activities as described therein. The maturity date of the Cohen Convertible Note is March 14, 2025. 
 
 Beginning on December 14, 2024 (the First Conversion Date ), the Cohen Convertible Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to: (i) up to of the outstanding principal balance plus accrued interest due under 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 of the arithmetic average of the Daily Volume-Weighted Average Price VWAP for the VWAP Trading Days (as defined therein) ending on the VWAP Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Conversion Date (as defined below); provided, that, if the Conversion Purchase Price is less than per share (the Floor Price on the Conversion Date, CCM may not convert any portion of the Cohen Convertible Note on such Conversion Date at a price less than the Floor Price. Additionally, on the 14th day of each successive month commencing with January 14, 2025 (each such day, an Additional Conversion Date and together with the First Conversion Date, the Conversion Dates ), CCM may convert a portion of Cohen Convertible Note to a number of shares equal to (i) up to of the outstanding principal balance of the Cohen Convertible Note plus accrued interest due under the Cohen Convertible Note divided by (ii) the Conversion Purchase Price (subject to the Floor Price). A maximum of shares of Common Stock may be issued upon conversion of the Cohen Convertible Note. 
 
 Short-term Debt Related to Acquisition of DM Lab 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had loans outstanding that were assumed in the DM Lab transaction, totaling , a decrease of from the acquisition date due to the amount converted to equity on May 25, 2023. The loans carry varying interest rates ranging from to . During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the Company incurred interest expense of and , respectively, which is included in interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred interest expense of and , respectively. All loans are due within 12 months from the balance sheet date and have no optional or mandatory redemption or conversion features. These obligations have been classified as current liabilities on the balance sheet and the fair value of the loans approximates the carrying amount due to their short-term nature. Additionally, there are no associated restrictive covenants, third-party guarantees, or pledged collateral. As of the reporting date, there have been no defaults on these loans. In February 2024, the Company obtained a waiver to extend the due dates of of its short-term debt to January 2025. 
 
 NOTE J 
 . The Company issued to AFG shares of Common Stock with an aggregate fair value of based on the closing stock price on the date of the Merger which is recorded within other assets on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. This amount will be accounted for as a reduction in transaction price as the Company transfers goods and services to AFG over the term of the Reseller Agreement. Additionally, the Company issued a non-transferable warrant Reseller Warrant that entitles AFG to purchase up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of and a fair value of per warrant. 
 
 The Reseller Warrant is divided into tranches and each warrant tranche will become exercisable for a period if the amount actually paid by AFG during an annual period meets or exceeds the corresponding threshold. As of September 30, 2024 , none of the warrant tranches were exercisable as the vesting condition was not yet probable. When the vesting condition becomes probable, the fair value of the warrant tranche will be accounted for as a reduction in transaction price as the Company transfers goods and services to AFG during the annual period. 
 
 On March 14, 2024 in connection with the Closing, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to DHC stockholders as consideration for the Merger was reflected on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit). Further, upon completion of the Merger, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws were adopted, authorizing the issuance of shares of Common Stock, par value of per share and shares of Preferred Stock, par value of per share. 
 
 In March 2024, concurrent with the Merger, the Company sold shares of Common Stock to AFG for gross proceeds of . 
 
 On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the May SPA with certain investors (the May Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the May Purchasers an aggregate of shares of Common Stock of the Company at a price per share of and an aggregate of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, which was divided into tranches consisting of (i) warrants immediately exercisable for a term of from (the May Warrants and (ii) warrants immediately exercisable for a term of (the May Warrants, together with the May 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 per share, subject to customary adjustments, for an aggregate purchase price of . On May 30, 2024, the Company issued to the May Purchasers an aggregate of Shares and Warrants (consisting of Warrants and Warrants) for an aggregate gross proceeds of . Upon the issuances of such shares of Common Stock, an aggregate of May Warrants and May Warrants were issued to the May Purchasers and were immediately exercisable. The remaining shares were issued to an escrow account and such shares along with the May Warrants remain in escrow until the conditions in the May SPA are satisfied. The May Purchasers are required to pay to the Company monthly cash installments in the amounts and on the dates as determined in the May SPA ending on October 29, 2024. For every paid to the Company, the Company will release one share of Common Stock and two May Warrants from escrow to the May Purchasers. If a May Purchaser fails to pay its required funding by the respective deadline, the May Purchaser s entire commitment under the May SPA will become immediately due and payable. As of November 13, 2024, a total of shares of Common Stock have been issued to the May Purchasers for an aggregate gross proceeds of , resulting in the issuance of May Warrants and May Warrants. The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the May SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of , and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. As of September 30, 2024, May Warrants and May Warrants are outstanding. 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into a separate Securities Purchase Agreement (the July SPA with The Williams Family Trust for the issuance and sale of shares of Common Stock at a price per share of and an aggregate of warrants, consisting of (i) warrants with a term of and (ii) warrants with a term of for an aggregate purchase price of . The warrants are immediately exercisable for Common Stock at a price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, the warrants remained outstanding. 
 
 On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a Fee Conversion Agreement with Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue shares of Common Stock at a value of per share to Sponsor in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding fees owed by the Company to the amount of million. As a result, the Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the August SPA with certain investors (the August Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company will issue and sell an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price per share of , for an aggregate purchase price of . 
 
 In connection with the August SPA, on August 26, 2024 (the Assignment Effective Date ), the Company entered into that certain share assignment and lockup release agreement (the Assignment Agreement with certain members of Sponsor and certain other existing stockholders and affiliates of the Company (collectively, the Sponsor Members and each a Sponsor Member and the August Purchasers, pursuant to which, as an inducement to enter into the August SPA, the August Purchasers assumed, all of the Sponsor Members rights, title and interest in an aggregate of shares of Common Stock (the Sponsor Securities held by Sponsor on their behalf as of the Assignment Effective Date (the Assignment ). In exchange for the Assignment by the Sponsor Members of the Sponsor Securities to the August Purchasers, the Company agreed to release shares of Common Stock from certain restrictions on transfer contained in either a (i) prior letter agreement by and among the Company s predecessor, DHC, Sponsor and the other signatories thereto or (ii) in certain lock-up agreements executed by certain of the Sponsor Members in connection with the consummation of the Company s prior business combination. The Sponsor Members transferred an aggregate of Sponsor Securities into an escrow account. The Sponsor Securities are released from the escrow account on a pro rata basis upon the making of the required fundings on the terms and conditions described in the August SPA. In the event an August Purchaser fails to make required funding contemplated by the August SPA, a pro rata portion of the Sponsor Securities shall be released from the escrow account to the Company and the Company will cancel such Sponsor Securities. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, in connection with the August SPA and the Assignment Agreement, the Company issued to the August Purchasers an aggregate of shares for an aggregate gross proceeds of . The remaining shares were issued to an escrow account and such shares remain in escrow until the conditions in the August SPA are satisfied. The August Purchasers are required to pay to the Company monthly cash installments in the amounts and on the dates as determined in the August SPA ending on April 5, 2025. 
 
 For every paid to the Company, the Company will release one share of Common Stock under the August SPA and one share of Common Stock under the Assignment Agreement to the August Purchasers. If an August Purchaser fails to pay its required funding by the respective deadline, the investor s entire commitment under the August SPA will become immediately due and payable. As of November 13, 2024, a total of shares of Common Stock have been issued to 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 . The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the August SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of , and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the SEPA with Yorkville. Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to of the Company s shares of Common Stock, at the Company s request any time during the commitment period commencing on August 26, 2024 (the SEPA Effective Date and terminating on the 36-month anniversary of the SEPA Effective Date. Each issuance and sale by the Company to Yorkville under the SEPA (an Advance is subject to a maximum limit equal to an amount equal to of the aggregate volume traded of the Company s Common Stock on Nasdaq for the five trading days immediately preceding an Advance notice. The shares will be issued and sold to Yorkville at a per share price equal to, at the election of the Company as specified in the relevant Advance notice: (i) of the Market Price (as defined below) for any period commencing on the receipt of the Advance notice by Yorkville and ending on 4:00 p.m. New York City time on the applicable Advance notice date (the Option 1 Pricing Period ), and (ii) of the Market Price for any three consecutive trading days commencing on the Advance notice date (the Option 2 Pricing Period, and each of the Option 1 Pricing Period and the Option 2 Pricing Period, a Pricing Period ). Market Price is defined as, for any Option 1 Pricing Period, the daily VWAP of the Common Stock on Nasdaq, and for any Option 2 Pricing Period, the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock on Nasdaq during the Option 2 Pricing Period. The Advances are subject to certain limitations, including that Yorkville cannot purchase any shares that would result in it beneficially owning more than of the Company s outstanding Common Stock at the time of an Advance or acquiring since the SEPA Effective Date under the SEPA more than of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock, as of the SEPA Effective Date (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap will not apply under certain circumstances, including, where the Company has obtained stockholder approval to issue in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq or such issuances do not require stockholder approval under Nasdaq s minimum price rule. Additionally, if the total number of shares of Common Stock traded on Nasdaq during the applicable Pricing Period is less than the Volume Threshold (as defined below), then the number of shares of Common Stock issued and sold pursuant to such Advance notice will be reduced to the greater of (i) 30 of the trading volume of the Common Stock on Nasdaq during the relevant Pricing Period as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock sold by Yorkville during such Pricing Period, but in each case not to exceed the amount requested in the Advance notice. Volume Threshold is defined as a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) the number of shares in the Advance notice requested by the Company divided by (b) 0.30. As consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the SEPA, the Company paid Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of and (ii) a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee of by the issuance to Yorkville of an aggregate of shares of Common Stock Commitment Shares ). Through September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to Yorkville, including the Commitment Fee. Upon execution of the SEPA, the Company expensed the restructuring fee and commitment fee within general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company accounts for the SEPA as a derivative that grants the Company the right, but not the obligation, to issue additional shares of Common Stock. Due to certain settlement provisions, the SEPA is precluded from equity classification. The SEPA derivative is recognized at inception and accounted for on a fair value basis. The Company determined the fair value of the SEPA derivative at inception and as of September 30, 2024 to be de minimis. 
 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Company assumed Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, which are all outstanding as of September 30, 2024. Each whole Public Warrant and Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were exercisable beginning on April 13, 2024 and expire on April 14, 2029. 
 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (x) the Private Placement Warrants and the Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable as described above so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 in capital (excluding amounts raised under the May SPA) but is unable to do so by October 31, 2024, the Required Warrant Parties will be required to exercise for cash certain of their May Warrants on a monthly basis in the amounts and on the dates as determined in the May Warrant Exercise Agreement. For each May Warrant so exercised, the Company will issue one new May One-Year Warrant and one new May Five-Year Warrant (collectively, May Reload Warrants each with an exercise price of to the Required Warrant Party. A maximum of May Reload Warrants may be issued pursuant to the May Warrant Exercise Agreement. Upon receipt of an aggregate of of actual cash proceeds from the August SPA, the May Warrant Exercise Agreement will terminate automatically. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, in connection with the August SPA and the Assignment Agreement, the Company entered into a warrant purchase agreement (the August Warrant Agreement with each of the warrantholders signatory thereto (the Warrantholders ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Warrantholders an aggregate of warrants to purchase Common Stock (the August Warrants ), with an exercise price of per share with an expiration period of five years from the date of issuance. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 2021 Incentive Stock Option Plan 
 In May 2021 , the Company adopted the 2021 Incentive Stock Option Plan 2021 Option Plan that provides for the grant of the following types of stock awards: (i) incentive stock Options, (ii) non-statutory stock options, (iii) stock appreciation rights, (iv) restricted stock awards, (v) restricted stock unit awards, and (vi) other stock awards. The 2021 Option Plan was administered by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors ). In connection with the Closing, all outstanding awards were assumed by BEN pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement and the Board of Directors declared that there will be no further issuances under the 2021 Option Plan. Forfeitures under the 2021 Plan are automatically added to shares available for issuance under the 2023 Plan. 
 
 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 In connection with the Closing, the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan became effective. The 2023 Plan provides for the grant of the following types of stock awards: (i) incentive stock options, (ii) nonqualified stock options, (iii) stock appreciation rights, (iv) restricted stock, (v) restricted stock units, (vi) performance awards, (vii) dividend equivalent rights, (viii) performance awards, (ix) performance goals, (x) tandem awards, (xi) prior plan awards, and (xii) other awards. The 2023 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors. The 2023 Plan awards are available to employees, officers and contractors. The option grants authorized for issuance under the 2023 Plan may total up to shares of Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for grant under the 2023 Plan. 
 
 NOTE K 
 shares of Common Stock of the Company at weighted average exercise price of per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Generally, options have a service vesting condition of cliff after year and then monthly thereafter for months per month). 
 years years Risk-free interest rate 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Volatility 
 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, future stock-based compensation for options granted and outstanding of will be recognized over a remaining weighted-average requisite service period of years . 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to options of and in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to options of and in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively, to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 
 AFG Warrants 
 
 There were warrants granted to AFG during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at an exercise price of and a fair value of per warrant (Note J). 
 
 Compensatory Warrants 
 
 There were warrants exercised in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 at a weighted average exercise price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of per share, with expiration dates ranging from 2028 to 2033. The Company recorded and stock-based compensation expense related to warrants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was such expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 years years Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Volatility 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development 
 Stock-based compensation capitalized as part of capitalized software costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively, which is in addition to amounts included in the table above . Stock-based compensation capitalized as part of capitalized software costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were . 
 
 Restricted share awards 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued restricted share awards to certain of its directors and officers. Of the restricted share awards granted, shares vested immediately upon grant, while shares vested in the third quarter of 2024. The fair value of a restricted share award is equal to the fair market value price of the Company's Common Stock on the date of grant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to these restricted share awards. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 NOTE L 
 shares of Common Stock with an aggregate fair value of based on the closing stock price on the date of the Merger. Additionally, the Company issued AFG a warrant to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, with each warrant exercisable for share of Common Stock at an exercise price of and a fair value of per warrant (Note J). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 there was no revenue recognized pursuant to the Reseller Agreement. 
 
 Advances to Officers and Directors 
 
 Certain officers and directors advanced funds to or were advanced from the Company on an undocumented, non-interested bearing, due on demand basis. As of September 30, 2024, and of amounts owed to related parties were included within accrued expenses and accounts payable, respectively, in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, and of amounts owed to related parties were included within accrued expenses and accounts payable, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , the Company recorded professional and other fees and costs related to consulting services from related parties of and , respectively, within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded professional and other fees and cost related to consulting services 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, within general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidat ed statements of operations. 
 Promissory Note 
 
 On June 30, 2023 , the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a related party for . The note bears interest at per annum and matures on June 25, 2025 . In June 2024 the Company issued shares of Common Stock to extinguish the outstanding balance of , resulting in a gain on debt extinguishment of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Related Party Advance 
 
 The Company received non-interest bearing and payable upon demand related party advances from DHC s Sponsor in connection with the Merger. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had in related party advances in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 NOTE M 
 million Korean won (approximately to Korea University during the period from November 1, 2023 through March 10, 2024. The Company paid the agreed upon funding of . 
 
 million Korean won (approximately from January 2024 through December 2024. The Company can terminate the agreement upon written notice to Korea University for a period of at least . As of million Korean won (approximately and owes the remaining million Korean won (approximately throughout the remainder of 2024. 
 
 NOTE N 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 , consisting of (i) in cash and (ii) shares of Common Stock at an agreed upon value of per share Equity Consideration (the transactions governed by the Purchase Agreement, the Acquisition ), subject to customary adjustments. Prior to the closing of the Acquisition (the Closing Date ), the Sellers may elect to convert a portion of the Equity Consideration to cash for up to at a price per share of . Additionally, an aggregate of shares of Common Stock issued as part of the Equity Consideration shall be subject to an escrow arrangement for a period of (the Escrow Period following the Closing Date (the Escrow Shares ). The Escrow Shares may be utilized to offset certain claims, fines, penalties, outstanding debts or other costs owed by the Sellers following the Closing Date. Thirty days prior to the end of the Escrow Period, certain of the Sellers shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cause the Company to repurchase their portion of the Escrow Shares at a price per share of . 
 
 The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, as well as indemnification provisions subject to specified limitations. Among other things, the Sellers have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to cause Cataneo to conduct its business in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, from the date of the Purchase Agreement until the Closing Date and not to take certain actions prior to the Closing Date without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 On November 11, 2024, the Company issued the Promissory Note in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately million to Yorkville. The Promissory Note does not bear interest, subject to a potential increase of the interest rate to per annum upon the occurrence of certain events of default as described in the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note matures on March 11, 2025, and was issued at an original issue discount of . 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to we, us, our, the Company or BEN refer to Brand Engagement Network Inc., a Delaware corporation. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Risk Relating to Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not strictly relate to historical or current facts. They use words such as aims, anticipates, believes, contemplates, continue, could, estimates, expects, forecast, guidance, intends, may, plans, possible, potential, predicts, preliminary, projects, seeks, should, target, will or would or the negative of these words, variations of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, statements regarding future performance or results and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies, trends in operations and financial results. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Overview 
 
 We are an emerging provider of conversational AI assistants, with the purpose of transforming engagement and analytics for businesses through our security-focused, multimodal communication and human-like AI assistants. Our AI assistants are built on proprietary natural language processing, anomaly detection, multisensory awareness, sentiment and environmental analysis, as well as real-time individuation and personalization capabilities. We believe these powerful tools will empower businesses to elevate customer experiences, optimize cost management and supercharge operational efficiency. Our platform is designed to configure, train and operate AI assistants that engage with professionals and consumers through multiple channels, boosting customer experience and providing instant personalized assistance for consumers in the automotive and healthcare markets. 
 
 We still hold significant intellectual property in the form of a patent portfolio that we believe will be a cornerstone of our artificial intelligence solutions for certain industries that we expect to target, including the automotive, healthcare, and financial services industries. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 The Cataneo Purchase Agreement 
 
 On October 29, 2024, Company entered into a Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement with Christian Unterseer, in his individual capacity Unterseer ), CUTV GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany CUTV ), and CUNEO AG, a stock corporation incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany Cuneo and together with Unterseer and CUTV, the Sellers (the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Sellers have agreed to sell all of the outstanding equity interests of Cataneo GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany Cataneo to the Company for an aggregate purchase price of 19,500,000, consisting of (i) 9,000,000 in cash and (ii) 4,200,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock at an agreed upon value of 2.50 per share Equity Consideration (the transactions governed by the Purchase Agreement, the Acquisition ), subject to customary adjustments. Prior to the closing of the Acquisition (the Closing Date ), the Sellers may elect to convert a portion of the Equity Consideration to cash for up to 3,000,000 at a price per share of 2.50 (the Cash Election ). Additionally, an aggregate of 400,000 shares of Common Stock issued as part of the Equity Consideration shall be subject to an escrow arrangement for a period of one year (the Escrow Period following Closing Date (the Escrow Shares ). The Escrow Shares may be utilized to offset 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 certain claims, fines, penalties, outstanding debts or other costs owed by the Sellers following the Closing Date. Thirty days prior to the end of the Escrow Period, certain of the Sellers shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cause the Company to repurchase their portion of the Escrow Shares at a price per share of 2.50. 
 
 The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, as well as indemnification provisions subject to specified limitations. Among other things, the Sellers have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, to cause Cataneo to conduct its business in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, from the date of the Purchase Agreement until the Closing Date and not to take certain actions prior to the Closing Date without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024 and is subject to conditions, including, (i) the making of the Cash Election, (ii) the initiation of the process to register for resale the Equity Consideration, (iii) written confirmation that the Company has not received any delisting notice or similar notification affecting its listing status with the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), (iv) the execution by one or several of the Company s major stockholders of a personal guarantee of the Agreed Share Value (as defined therein) for a period of one year following the Closing Date (the Personal Guarantee ), (v) the obtaining of joint approval of the terms of the financing of the cash purchase price of the Acquisition by the Company and the Sellers, (vi) the receipt of customary third-party approvals and the release of the Sellers from customary bank guarantees, securities and indemnities, and (vii) the Company s board of directors approval of the Company s due diligence investigation (collectively, the Closing Conditions ). The Company intends to finance the transaction through third-party financing, which may take the form of debt or equity. 
 
 The Purchase Agreement contains certain customary termination rights for the Company and the Sellers, including the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement if (i) not all of the Closing Conditions have been satisfied by January 29, 2025, (ii) a party has not performed all of its Closing Actions (as defined therein) within ten business days of the Closing Date, or (iii) the registration process of the Equity Consideration has not been initiated prior to the Closing Date to the satisfaction of the Sellers. Notwithstanding any termination right, any party may seek specific performance of the other parties to the Purchase Agreement. In the event the Purchase Agreement is terminated by the Sellers by virtue of the failure of the Company to deliver the Personal Guarantee, the Sellers shall be entitled to a termination fee of 350,000. 
 
 August Private Placement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the August SPA with certain investors (the August Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company will issue and sell an aggregate of 1,185,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price per share of 5.00, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,925,000. 
 
 In connection with the August SPA, on August 26, 2024 (the Assignment Effective Date ), the Company entered into a share assignment and lockup release agreement (the Assignment Agreement with certain members of DHC Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor and certain other existing stockholders and affiliates of the Company (collectively, the Sponsor Members and each a Sponsor Member and the August Purchasers, pursuant to which, as an inducement to enter into the August SPA, the August Purchasers assumed, all of the Sponsor Members rights, title and interest in an aggregate of 1,185,000 shares of Common Stock (the Sponsor Securities held by Sponsor on their behalf as of the Assignment Effective Date (the Assignment ). In exchange for the Assignment by the Sponsor Members of the Sponsor Securities to the August Purchasers, the Company agreed to release 1,252,500 shares of Common Stock from certain restrictions on transfer contained in either a (i) prior letter agreement by and among the Company s predecessor, DHC Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company DHC ), Sponsor and the other signatories thereto or (ii) in certain lock-up agreements executed by certain of the Sponsor Members in connection with the consummation of the Company s prior business combination. The Sponsor Members transferred an aggregate of 1,185,000 Sponsor Securities into an escrow account. The Sponsor Securities are released from the escrow account on a pro rata basis upon the making of the required fundings on the terms and conditions described in the August SPA. In the event an August Purchaser fails to make a required funding contemplated by the August SPA, a pro rata portion of the Sponsor Securities shall be released from the escrow account to the Company and the Company will cancel such Sponsor Securities. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, in connection with the August SPA and the Assignment Agreement, the Company issued to the August Purchasers an aggregate of 100,000 shares for an aggregate gross proceeds of 500,000. The remaining shares were issued to an escrow account and such shares remain in escrow until the conditions in the August SPA are satisfied. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The August Purchasers are required to pay to the Company monthly cash installments in the amounts and on the dates as determined in the August SPA ending on April 5, 2025. 
 
 For every 5.00 paid to the Company, the Company will release one share of Common Stock under the August SPA and one share of Common Stock under the Assignment Agreement to the August Purchasers. If an investor fails to pay its required funding by the respective deadline, the investor s entire commitment under the August SPA will become immediately due and payable. As of November 13, 2024, a total of 220,000 shares of Common Stock have been issued to the August Purchasers for gross proceeds of 550,000. The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the August SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of 1.25 million, and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into a Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (the SEPA with YA II PN, Ltd. Yorkville ). Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to 50,000,000 of the Company s shares of Common Stock, at the Company s request any time during the commitment period commencing on August 26, 2024 (the SEPA Effective Date and terminating on the 36-month anniversary of the SEPA Effective Date. For more information regarding the SEPA, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section below. 
 
 Yorkville Promissory Note 
 
 On November 11, the Company issued a non-convertible unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately 1.7 million to Yorkville. The Promissory Note does not bear interest, subject to a potential increase of the interest rate to 18.0 per annum upon the occurrence of certain events of default as described in the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note matures on March 11, 2025, and was issued at an original issue discount of 10 . The Company will be required to make monthly cash payments beginning on December 15, 2024, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month (each, an Installment Date of principal in the amount of the sum of (i) 0.4 million of Principal (or the outstanding principal amount if less than such amount), plus (ii) a payment premium in an amount equal to 5 of the principal amount being paid, if applicable (the Payment Premium ), and (iii) any accrued and unpaid interest as of each Installment Date Installment Amounts ). The Company shall, at its own option, repay each Installment Amount either (i) in cash on or before each Installment Date, or (ii) by submitting one or more an advance notice(s) under the SEPA (an Advance Repayment ), on or before the applicable Installment Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii) as determined by the Company. If the Company repays the Installment amount in cash, the cash payment shall include the Payment Premium. If the Company elects an Advance Repayment for all or a portion of an Installment Amount, then no Payment Premium will apply. In addition, for so long as the Promissory Note is outstanding, with respect to any advance notice submitted by the Company under the SEPA, the Company shall select an Option 2 Pricing Period (as defined in the SEPA), unless otherwise agreed by the Yorkville. 
 
 Fee Conversion 
 
 On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a Fee Conversion Agreement (the Fee Conversion Agreement with Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 151,261 shares of Common Stock at a value of 2.38 per share to Sponsor in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding fees owed by the Company to Sponsor in the amount of 0.4 million. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Transition 
 
 On August 22, 2024 (the Separation Date ), the Company and Michael Zacharski mutually agreed to Mr. Zacharski s separation from the Company. Mr. Zacharski tendered his resignation as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Company s board of directors on the Separation Date, which resignation was effective as of August 16, 2024 (the Separation Effective Date ). Mr. Zacharski s resignation as a director was not the result of any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. The Company and Mr. Zacharski entered into a Separation and Release Agreement in which Mr. Zacharski is entitled to certain obligations including a cash separation and bonus payments in aggregate of 0.3 million, unpaid salary, unused vacation, and vested benefits. Further, the Company and Mr. Zacharski entered into an amendment to Mr. Zacharski s existing option agreement to (i) provide for the forfeiture of 1,012,875 of Mr. Zacharski s options and (ii) reduce the exercise period of Mr. Zacharski s 337,625 remaining options. 
 
 Effective upon the Separation Effective Date, Paul Chang s title was changed to Chief Executive Officer. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

July Private Placement 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with The Williams Family Trust (the July SPA for the issuance and sale of 120,000 shares of Common Stock and 240,000 warrants, consisting of 120,000 July Warrants with a term of one year (the July One-Year Warrants and 120,000 July Warrants with a term of five years (the July Five-Year Warrants, together with the July One-Year Warrants, the July Warrants ), to The Williams Family Trust for an aggregate purchase price of 0.3 million. The July Warrants are exercisable for Common Stock at a price of 2.50 per share and were immediately issued upon the closing date of July 1, 2024. 
 
 Debt Conversion 
 
 Effective June 30, 2024, Brand Engagement Network Inc., a Wyoming corporation Prior BEN and the Company entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement with October 3 rd Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 93,333 shares of Common Stock at a price of 4.50 per share to October 3 rd Holdings, LLC in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding indebtedness owed by Prior BEN to October 3 rd Holdings, LLC in the amount of 0.4 million. 
 
 May Private Placement 
 
 On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the May SPA with certain investors (the May Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the May Purchasers an aggregate of 1,980,000 shares of Common Stock and 3,960,000 warrants, consisting of 1,980,000 May Warrants with a term of one year (the May One-Year Warrants and 1,980,000 May Warrants with a term of five years (the May Five-Year Warrants, together with the May One-Year Warrants, the May Warrants ), for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million. The May Warrants are exercisable for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share. On May 30, 2024, the Company issued to the May Purchasers an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Common Stock and 400,000 May Warrants and the May Purchasers paid an aggregate of 0.5 million to the Company in connection with the closing of the private placement. Pursuant to the May SPA, the remaining 1,780,000 shares of Common Stock and May Warrants to purchase 3,560,000 shares of Common Stock are to remain in escrow until each May Purchaser deposited amounts on a monthly basis no later than June 27, 2024, July 29, 2024, August 29, 2024, September 27, 2024 and October 29, 2024. Upon payment of each required funding, a pro rata portion of the shares of Common Stock and May Warrants in escrow are to be issued and released to the May Purchasers. As of November 13, 2024, a total of 1,594,500 shares of Common Stock have been issued to the May Purchasers for an aggregate gross proceeds of 3,986,250, resulting in the issuance of 797,250 May One-Year Warrants and 797,250 May Five-Year Warrants. The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the May SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of 963,750, and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. 
 
 Cohen Convertible Note 
 
 On April 12, 2024, we issued a convertible promissory note to J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, acting through its Cohen Company Capital Markets division in the principal amount of 1.9 million (the Cohen Convertible Note ), to settle outstanding invoices totaling 1.9 million related to investment banking services rendered to the Company in connection with its merger with Prior BEN and DHC (the Business Combination ). Beginning on October 14, 2024, interest will accrue at the fixed rate of 8 per annum on the outstanding principal amount until the Cohen Convertible Note is paid in full. Interest is payable monthly in cash or in-kind at the election of the Company. The Company may prepay the Cohen Convertible Note in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or premium. The Company may be required to prepay all or a portion of the Cohen Convertible Note upon the consummation of certain capital raising activities as described therein. The maturity date of the Cohen Convertible Note is March 14, 2025. 
 
 Key Factors and Trends Affecting our Business 
 Productions and Operations 
 We expect to continue to incur significant operating costs that will impact our future profitability, including research and development expenses as we introduce new products and improves existing offerings; capital expenditures for the expansion of our development and sales capacities and driving brand awareness; additional operating costs and expenses for production ramp-up; general and administrative expenses as we scale our operations; interest expense from debt financing activities; and selling and distribution expenses as we build our brand and market our products. To date, we have 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 not yet sold any of our products beyond their pilot stage. As a result, we will require substantial additional capital to develop products and fund operations for the foreseeable future. 
 Revenues 
 We are a development stage company and have not generated any significant revenue to date. 
 Public Company Costs 
 We expect to hire additional staff and implement new processes and procedures to address public company requirements, particularly with respect to internal controls compliance and public company reporting obligations. We also expect to incur substantial additional expenses for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director compensation and fees, listing fees, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC registration fees, and additional costs for investor relations, accounting, audit, legal and other functions. 
 If we cease to become an emerging growth company, we will become subject to the provisions and requirements under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will require us to undergo audits of our internal controls over financial reporting as part of our yearly financial statement audits, resulting in a significant increase in consultant and audit costs over previous levels going forward. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Operating expenses 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist of employee-related expenses including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation as well as fees paid for legal, accounting and tax services, consulting fees and facilities costs not otherwise included in research and development expense. We have and expect to further incur significant expenses as a result of becoming a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, additional insurance, investor relations and other administrative expenses and professional services. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation expense relates to property and equipment which consists of equipment, furniture and capitalized software. Amortization expense relates to intangible assets. 
 Research and development cost 
 Costs incurred in connection with research and development activities are expensed as incurred. These costs include rent for facilities, hardware and software equipment costs, consulting fees for technical expertise, prototyping, and testing. 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our related party note payable and short-term debt. 
 
 Interest income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our excess cash. 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment is related to settlement of accounts payable through issuance of shares of Common Stock and negotiated cash settlement. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities reflected the non-cash charge for changes in the fair value of the warrant liability that is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. 
 
 Other expenses 
 Other expenses primarily consists of foreign currency gains or losses as a result of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in Korean won. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Revenues 50,000 50,000 Operating expenses: General and administrative 4,203,946 2,282,434 1,921,512 Depreciation and amortization 972,375 209,729 762,646 Research and development 153,191 75,450 77,741 Total operating expenses 5,329,512 2,567,613 2,761,899 Loss from operations (5,279,512) (2,567,613) (2,711,899) Other income (expenses): Interest expense (18,055) (34,507) 16,452 Interest income 92 92 Gain on debt extinguishment 98,318 98,318 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (632,969) (632,969) Other 9,043 19,789 (10,746) Other income (expenses), net (543,571) (14,718) (528,853) Net loss (5,823,083) (2,582,331) (3,240,752) 
 
 Revenues 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , we earned 0.1 million in revenue through proof of concept and revenue sharing. There were no revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 4.2 million , an increase of approximately 1.9 million , compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 . The inc rease was primarily due to a 1.4 million increase in professional fees, a 0.4 million increase in employee related costs, and a 0.2 million increase in insurance and taxes, all related to the expansion of our operations as a result of the acquisition of DM Lab Co., LTD DM Lab in May 2023, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation of 0.1 million. We have only recently begun to raise proceeds thro ugh the offering of our Common Stock and convertible notes to investors and therefore expect, in the near term at a minimum, to continue to utilize the issuance of equity based instruments as compensation to reduce our cash outlays. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 1.0 million , an increase of approximately 0.8 million , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the amortization expense associated with the developed technology placed into service in the second quarter of 2024. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 0.2 million, an increase of approximately 0.1 million, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in our stock-based compensation due to an increase in headcount as a result of the acquisition of DM Lab in May 2023. 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 0.1 million, related to settlement of accrued expenses through the issuance of 151,261 shares of Common Stock. We did not have such extinguishment of debt during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 0.6 million associated with the non-cash charge for changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities that is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. We did not incur such expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Revenues 99,790 99,790 Operating expenses: General and administrative 15,969,617 7,678,880 8,290,737 Depreciation and amortization 1,771,966 449,663 1,322,303 Research and development 759,427 153,828 605,599 Total operating expenses 18,501,010 8,282,371 10,218,639 Loss from operations (18,401,220) (8,282,371) (10,118,849) Other income (expenses): Interest expense (62,508) (34,507) (28,001) Interest income 3,324 3,324 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 1,946,310 1,946,310 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 762,869 762,869 Other (5,971) (11,961) 5,990 Other income (expenses), net 2,644,024 (46,468) 2,690,492 Net loss (15,757,196) (8,328,839) (7,428,357) 
 Revenues 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we earned 0.1 million in revenue through proof of concept and revenue sharing. There were no revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 16.0 million , an increase of approximately 8.3 million , compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase was primarily due to a 4.1 million increase in professional fees, a 3.6 million increase in employee related costs including 1.2 million in one-time bonuses in connection with the Business Combination, transaction costs of 3.3 million incurred in connection with the Business Combination, a 0.4 million increase in insurance and taxes, a 0.2 million increase in office related expenses, and a 0.2 million increase in promotional costs, and all related to the expansion of our operations as a result of the acquisition of DM Lab in May 2023, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation of 3.4 million due to the issuance of Prior BEN warrants and options which vested on the date of grant during the first 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 quarter of 2023 and a 0.1 decrease in miscellaneous license and tax fees. We have only recently begun to raise proceeds through the offering of our Common Stock and convertible notes to investors and therefore expect, in the near term at a minimum, to continue to utilize the issuance of equity based instruments as compensation to reduce our cash outlays. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 1.8 million , an increase of approximately 1.3 million , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the amortization expense associated with the developed technology placed into service in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately 0.8 million , an increase of approximately 0.6 million , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in our stock-based compensation due to an increase in headcount as a result of the acquisition of DM Lab in May 2023. 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 1.9 million, related to settlement of accounts payable and accrued expenses through the issuance of 93,333 and 151,261 shares, respectively, of Common Stock and negotiated cash settlement. We did not have such extinguishment of debt during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 0.8 million associated with the non-cash charge for changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities that is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. We did not incur such expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Capital Resources and Available Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2024 , our principal source of liquidity was cash of approximately 0.1 million . We have financed operations to date with proceeds from the Promissory Note, transactions with AFG, sales of our Common Stock, the SEPA, warrant exercises and debt issuances to related and non-related parties. As described in Note A of our audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements, we have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and had an accumulated deficit of approximately 29.1 million at September 30, 2024 . We expect losses and negative cash flows to continue for the foreseeable future, primarily as a result of increased general and administrative expenses, continued product research and development and marketing efforts. Management anticipates that significant additional expenditures will be necessary to develop and expand our business, including through stock and asset acquisitions, before significant positive operating cash flows can be achieved. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to ultimately achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Current available funds are insufficient to complete our business plan and as a consequence, we will need to seek additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt or equity securities for cash to operate our business, including through the Business Combination or through business development activities. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. Our history of losses, our negative cash flow from operations, our limited cash resources on hand and our dependence on our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations after the current cash resources are exhausted raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our management concluded that our recurring losses from operations, and the fact that we have not generated significant revenue or positive cash flows from operations, raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months after issuance of our financial statements. Our auditors also included an explanatory paragraph in their report on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 with respect to this uncertainty. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The Company will need to raise additional capital to continue to fund operations and product research and development. The Company believes that it will be able to obtain additional working capital through equity financings, additional debt, or other arrangements to fund future operations, and it intends to raise capital through equity or debt investments in the Company by third parties, including through the SEPA and the Promissory Note or other public offerings or private placements. However, the Company s cannot conclude these are probable of being implemented or, if probable of being implemented, being in sufficient enough amounts to satisfy our contractual amounts as they presently exist that are coming due over the next 12 months as of the date of such filing. 
 
 In addition, the Company will need to raise additional capital through debt or equity financings to fund the purchase price of the Acquisition. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to raise funds to pay the purchase price of the Acquisition on terms that are favorable, or at all. 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the SEPA with Yorkville. Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to 50.0 million of the Company s shares of Common Stock, at the Company s request any time during the commitment period commencing on the SEPA Effective Date and terminating on the 36-month anniversary of the SEPA Effective Date. Each issuance and sale by the Company to Yorkville under the SEPA (an Advance is subject to a maximum limit equal to an amount equal to 100 of the aggregate volume traded of the Company s Common Stock on Nasdaq for the five trading days immediately preceding an Advance notice. The shares will be issued and sold to Yorkville at a per share price equal to, at the election of the Company as specified in the relevant Advance notice: (i) 96 of the Market Price (as defined below) for any period commencing on the receipt of the Advance notice by Yorkville and ending on 4:00 p.m. New York City time on the applicable Advance notice date (the Option 1 Pricing Period ), and (ii) 97 of the Market Price for any three consecutive trading days commencing on the Advance notice date (the Option 2 Pricing Period, and each of the Option 1 Pricing Period and the Option 2 Pricing Period, a Pricing Period ). Market Price is defined as, for any Option 1 Pricing Period, the daily volume weighted average price VWAP of the Common Stock on Nasdaq, and for any Option 2 Pricing Period, the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock on Nasdaq during the Option 2 Pricing Period. The Advances are subject to certain limitations, including that Yorkville cannot purchase any shares that would result in it beneficially owning more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock at the time of an Advance or acquiring since the SEPA Effective Date under the SEPA more than 19.99 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock, as of the SEPA Effective Date (the Exchange Cap ). The Exchange Cap will not apply under certain circumstances, including, where the Company has obtained stockholder approval to issue in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq or such issuances do not require stockholder approval under Nasdaq s minimum price rule. Additionally, if the total number of shares of Common Stock traded on Nasdaq during the applicable Pricing Period is less than the Volume Threshold (as defined below), then the number of shares of Common Stock issued and sold pursuant to such Advance notice will be reduced to the greater of (i) 30 of the trading volume of the Common Stock on Nasdaq during the relevant Pricing Period as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock sold by Yorkville during such Pricing Period, but in each case not to exceed the amount requested in the Advance notice. Volume Threshold is defined as a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) the number of shares in the Advance notice requested by the Company divided by (b) 0.30. As consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the SEPA, the Company paid Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of 25,000 and (ii) a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee of 0.5 million by the issuance to Yorkville of an aggregate of 280,899 shares of Common Stock. Through September 30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 280,899 shares of Common Stock to Yorkville, including the Commitment Fee. 
 
 Yorkville Promissory Note 
 
 On November 11, the Company issued the Promissory Note in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately 1.7 million to Yorkville. The Promissory Note does not bear interest, subject to a potential increase of the interest rate to 18.0 per annum upon the occurrence of certain events of default as described in the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note matures on March 11, 2025, and was issued at an original issue discount of 10 . 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 August Private Placement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the August SPA with the August Purchasers, pursuant to which the Company will issue and sell an aggregate of 1,185,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price per share of 5.00, for an aggregate purchase price of 5.9 million. 
 
 In connection with the August SPA, the Assignment Effective Date, the Company entered into the Assignment Agreement with the Sponsor Members and the August Purchasers, pursuant to which, as an inducement to enter into the August SPA, the August Purchasers assumed, all of the Sponsor Members rights, title and interest in an aggregate of 1,185,000 shares of Common Stock held by Sponsor on their behalf as of the Assignment Effective Date. In exchange for the Assignment by the Sponsor Members of the Sponsor Securities to the August Purchasers, the Company agreed to release 1,252,500 shares of Common Stock from certain restrictions on transfer contained in either a (i) prior letter agreement by and among the Company s predecessor, DHC, Sponsor and the other signatories thereto or (ii) in certain lock-up agreements executed by certain of the Sponsor Members in connection with the consummation of the Company s prior business combination. The Sponsor Members transferred an aggregate of 1,185,000 Sponsor Securities into an escrow account. The Sponsor Securities are released from the escrow account on a pro rata basis upon the making of the required fundings on the terms and conditions described in the August SPA. In the event an August Purchaser fails to make a required funding contemplated by the August SPA, a pro rata portion of the Sponsor Securities shall be released from the escrow account to the Company and the Company will cancel such Sponsor Securities. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, in connection with the August SPA and the Assignment Agreement, the Company issued to the August Purchasers an aggregate of 100,000 shares for an aggregate gross proceeds of 500,000. The remaining shares were issued to an escrow account and such shares remain in escrow until the conditions in the August SPA are satisfied. The August Purchasers are required to pay to the Company monthly cash installments in the amounts and on the dates as determined in the August SPA ending on April 5, 2025. 
 
 For every 5.00 paid to the Company, the Company will release one share of Common Stock under the August SPA and one share of Common Stock under the Assignment Agreement to the August Purchasers. If an August Purchaser fails to pay its required funding by the respective deadline, the investor s entire commitment under the August SPA will become immediately due and payable. As of November 13, 2024, a total of 220,000 shares of Common Stock have been issued to the August Purchasers for gross proceeds of 0.55 million. The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the August SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of 1.25 million, and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. 
 
 On August 26, 2024, in connection with the August SPA and the Assignment Agreement, the Company entered into the August Warrant Agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued an aggregate of 960,000 warrants, with an exercise price of 5.00 per share with an expiration period of five years from the date of issuance. 
 
 Fee Conversion Agreement 
 
 On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into the Fee Conversion Agreement with Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 151,261 shares of Common Stock at a value of 2.38 per share to Sponsor in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding fees owed by the Company to Sponsor in the amount of 0.4 million. 
 
 July Private Placement 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into the July SPA for the issuance and sale of 120,000 shares of Common Stock and 240,000 July Warrants, consisting of 120,000 July One-Year Warrants and 120,000 July Five-Year Warrants to The Williams Family Trust for an aggregate purchase price of 0.3 million. 
 
 Debt Conversion 
 
 Effective June 30, 2024, Prior BEN and the Company entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement with October 3 rd Holdings, LLC, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 93,333 shares of Common Stock at a price of 4.50 per share to October 3 rd Holdings, LLC in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding indebtedness owed by Prior BEN to October 3 rd Holdings, LLC in the amount of 0.4 million. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 May Private Placement 
 
 On May 28, 2024, the Company entered into the May SPA for the issuance and sale of 1,980,000 shares of Common Stock and 3,960,000 May Warrants, consisting of 1,980,000 May One-Year Warrants and 1,980,000 May Five-Year Warrants for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million. On May 30, 2024, the Company issued the May Purchasers an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Common Stock and 400,000 May Warrants and the May Purchasers paid an aggregate of 0.5 million to the Company in connection with the closing of the private placement. Pursuant to the May SPA, the remaining 1,780,000 shares of Common Stock and May Warrants to purchase 3,560,000 shares of Common Stock are to remain in escrow until each May Purchaser deposits amounts on a monthly basis no later than June 27, 2024, July 29, 2024, August 29, 2024, September 27, 2024 and October 29, 2024. Upon payment of each required funding, a pro rata portion of the shares of Common Stock and May Warrants in escrow are to be issued and released to the May Purchasers. 
 
 In connection with the May SPA, on May 28, 2024, the Company also entered into a Letter Agreement to Exercise Warrants with certain of the May Purchasers (the Required Warrant Parties ). In the event the Company uses commercially reasonable efforts to raise an additional 3.3 million (not including amounts raised under the May SPA) in additional capital but is unable to do so by October 31, 2024, the Required Warrant Parties shall be required to exercise for cash certain of their Warrants on a monthly basis in the amounts and on the dates set forth below. 
 
 Number of Warrants 
 Date 
 100,000 
 October 31, 2024 
 300,000 
 November 30, 2024 
 300,000 
 December 31, 2024 
 300,000 
 January 31, 2025 
 300,000 
 February 28, 2025 

In consideration for each May Warrant held by a Required Warrant Party so exercised, the Company shall issue to such Required Warrant Party one new May One-Year Warrant and one new May Five-Year Warrant, each with an exercise price of 2.50. 
 
 As of November 13, 2024, a total of 1,594,500 shares of Common Stock have been issued to the May Purchasers for an aggregate gross proceeds of 3,986,250, resulting in the issuance of 797,250 May One-Year Warrants and 797,250 May Five-Year Warrants. The Company has experienced delays in funding from certain of the investors under the May SPA. As of the date hereof, certain of such investors have failed to make their required fundings, giving effect to the tolling of all cure periods, in an aggregate amount of 963,750, and the Company is uncertain whether such amounts or future required fundings by such investors will be made. 
 
 Cohen Convertible Note 
 
 On April 12, 2024, we issued the Cohen Convertible Note, to settle outstanding invoices totaling 1.9 million related to investment banking services rendered to the Company in connection with the Business Combination. Beginning on October 14, 2024, interest will accrue at the fixed rate of 8 per annum on the outstanding principal amount until the Cohen Convertible Note is paid in full. Interest is payable monthly in cash or in-kind at the election of the Company. The Company may prepay the Cohen Convertible Note in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or premium. The Company may be required to prepay all or a portion of the Cohen Convertible Note upon the consummation of certain capital raising activities as described therein. The maturity date of the Cohen Convertible Note is March 14, 2025. 
 
 Cash Exercise of Warrants 
 
 There is no assurance that the holders of the Warrants will elect to exercise for cash any or all of such Warrants, especially when the trading price of our Common Stock is less than the exercise price per share of such Warrants. We believe the likelihood that warrantholders will exercise their respective Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of our Common Stock. If the trading price for our Common Stock is less than the exercise price per share of a Warrant, we expect that a warrantholder would not exercise 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 their Warrants. To the extent that any Warrants are exercised on a cashless basis under certain conditions, we would not receive any proceeds from the exercise of such Warrants. 
 
 As of the date of this filing, we have neither included nor intend to include any potential cash proceeds from the exercise of our Warrants in our short-term or long-term liquidity sources or capital resource planning. We do not expect to rely on the cash exercise of Warrants to fund our operations. Instead, we intend to seek additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt or equity securities for cash to operate our business, including through the business development activities discussed above to continue to support our operations. Therefore, the availability or unavailability of any proceeds from the exercise of our Warrants is not expected to affect our ability to fund our operations. We will continue to evaluate the probability of Warrant exercise over the life of our Warrants and the merit of including potential cash proceeds from the exercise thereof in our liquidity sources and capital resources planning. 
 
 To the extent such Warrants are exercised, additional Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders of our Common Stock and increase the number of shares of Common Stock eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock, which increases the likelihood of periods when our Warrants will not be in the money prior to their expiration. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include the following potential and expected obligations: 
 
 Bank Loans 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had four loans outstanding, all of which were assumed in the acquisition of DM Lab in May 2023, totaling approximately 0.9 million. The loans carry varying interest rates ranging from 4.667 to 6.69 and have varying maturity dates ranging from January to September 2024. The loans do not have optional or mandatory redemption or conversion features. In February 2024, we obtained a waiver to extend the due dates of 0.7 million of our outstanding bank loans to January 2025. 
 
 Research and Development Sponsorship 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into a research and development sponsorship agreement with Korea University for total consideration of up to 528.0 million Korean won (approximately 0.4 million) from January 2024 through December 2024. We can terminate the agreement upon 30 days written notice to Korea University. As of September 30, 2024, we paid 211.2 million Korean won (approximately 0.2 million) and owe the remaining 316.8 million Korean won (approximately 0.2 million) throughout the remainder of 2024. 
 We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with various vendors, which are generally cancellable upon notice. Payments due upon cancellation typically consist only of payments for services provided or expenses incurred, including non-cancellable obligations of service providers, up to the date of cancellation. 
 
 The Cataneo Purchase Agreement 
 
 At closing of the Acquisition, in addition to equity consideration, we have agreed to pay a cash purchase price of 9.0 million. We may also be required to make additional cash payments in exchange for shares of common stock paid as Equity Consideration. See Recent Events -The Cataneo Purchase Agreement . 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash used in operating activities 
 (11,666,133) (2,752,377) Cash used in investing activities 
 (215,963) (976,386) 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash provided by financing activities 
 10,269,961 4,709,235 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,612,135) 980,472 
 Operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was approximately 11.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to our net loss of approximately 15.8 million . The net loss included non-cash charges of approximately 2.6 million , which consisted of approximately 1.8 million of depreciation and amortization expense, 1.6 million in equity-based compensation expense, including the issuance of restricted shares, 1.4 million of write offs of deferred financing fees, and 0.5 million of financing costs related to the SEPA, partially offset by 1.9 million in gains on debt extinguishment and 0.8 million in changes in fair value of the warrant liabilities. The net cash inflow of approximately 1.5 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable of 5.4 million, partially offset by a decrease of accrued expenses of 3.0 million , an increase in prepaid expense and other current assets of 0.9 million . 
 Cash used in operating activities was approximately 2.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , primarily due to our net loss of approximately 8.3 million . The net loss included non-c ash charges of approximately 5.2 million , which primarily consisted of approximately 4.7 million in equity-based compensation expense and 0.5 million of depreciation and amortization expense. The net cash outflow of approximately 0.4 million from changes in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses. 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 0.2 million , which consisted primarily of capitalized internal-use software costs. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 1.0 million , which consisted primarily of deposits on patents, capitalized internal-use software costs and assets acquired from DM Lab. 
 Financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 10.3 million, which consisted primarily of proceeds received from the sale of Common Stock, exercise of options and warrants, partially offset by payment of a related party note. 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 4.7 million, which consisted of proceeds received from the issuance of convertible notes, the sale of Common Stock, related party note, proceeds received from related party advance repayments and exercise of options and warrants, partially offset by advances to related parties. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reported period. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those described under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of BEN , which was filed as Exhibit 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2024. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note B to our consolidated financial statements, which was filed as Exhibit 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2024 for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024 . We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. 
 We expect to elect to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and pursuant to Item 305 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to disclose information under this section. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls were not effective as of September 30, 2024, based on the material weaknesses identified below. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company completed the Merger on March 20, 2024. Prior to the Merger, DHC disclosed in the Risk Factors of its Form S-4/A filed on February 12, 2024, a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting. Management has concluded this material weakness has not been remediated as an internal control deficiency was identified relating to the lack in investment of resources into accounting and reporting functions to properly account for and prepare U.S. GAAP compliant financial statements on a timely basis 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 and to properly document risks affecting financial statements and controls in place to mitigate those risks in accordance with the requirements for a functioning internal control system, the accounting for the merger with DPL, the accounting for the extinguishment of certain liabilities through the issuance of common stock or through the exercise of warrants, the improper classification of the acquired developed technology from DM Lab as in in-process research and development asset, and the delay in obtaining valuation reports as it relates to valuing equity grants. Notwithstanding this material weakness, management has concluded that our unaudited financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with U.S. GAAP for each of the periods presented herein. 
 
 This material weakness could result in a misstatement of account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that may not be detected. 
 
 Plan for Remediation of the Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 In response, the Company s management has continued implementation of a plan to remediate this material weakness. These remediation measures are ongoing and include the following; hiring a Chief Financial Officer and adding additional review procedures by qualified personnel over complex accounting matters, which include engaging third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications. 
 
 The material weaknesses will be considered remediated once management completes the design and implementation of the measures described above and the controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. We believe we are making progress toward achieving the effectiveness of our internal controls and disclosure controls; however, we cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the changes made to the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. To our knowledge, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Except as provided below, there were no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. For more information concerning our risk factors, please see Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 If our information technology systems or those of third parties upon which we rely, or our data is or was compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse consequences. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely, collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property and trade secrets (collectively, sensitive information ). 
 
 Our and our third-party vendors and business partners information technology systems may be damaged or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks, physical or electronic security breaches, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct and human error. 
 
 Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors (through theft or misuse), or third parties (including traditional computer hackers, hacktivists, persons involved with organized crime, or sophisticated foreign state or foreign state-supported actors). 
 
 Cybersecurity threats can employ a wide variety of methods and techniques, which are constantly evolving, and have become increasingly complex and sophisticated; all of which increase the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of these evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through deep fakes, which may be increasingly more difficult to identify as fake, and phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent - particularly for companies like ours that are engaged in critical infrastructure or manufacturing - and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched against a target, we and our third-party vendors and business partners may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, and other functions. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. Certain of the third parties on which we rely have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may again in the future. We could experience adverse consequences resulting from any security incidents or other interruptions experienced by third-party service providers. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award, and our reputation could be harmed. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. 
 
 We, and the third-party business partners and vendors upon which we rely, have experienced, and may in the future experience, cybersecurity threats, including threats or attempts to disrupt our information technology infrastructure and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive or confidential information. In April 2024, our primary commercial partner and exclusive reseller for the automotive industry, AFG, publicly disclosed that it was the victim of a ransomware attack in the Fall of 2023 prior to entering into the Reseller Agreement. To the extent negative publicity AFG receives from the incident has, or the incident otherwise causes, a material adverse effect on AFG s business or AFG s ability to resell our products, our results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
 
 Although prior cyberattacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we are continuing to bolster our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures, we cannot guarantee that future cyberattacks, if successful, will not have a material impact on our business or financial results. While we have security measures in place designed to protect our information and our customers information and to prevent data loss and other security incidents, we have not always been able to do so, and there can be no assurance that in the future these measures will be successful. Security incidents could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our platform and services. 
 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 
 
 We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to provide notice of data security incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. 
 
 Actual or perceived breaches of security measures, unauthorized access to our systems or the systems of the third-party vendors that we rely upon, or any other cybersecurity threats may cause us to experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our platform and services, deter new customers from using our platform and services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party service providers and business partners could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive data in a variety of 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. Our contracts may not contain limitations on liability. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts or license arrangements with customers or in our agreements with vendors, partners, or others would be enforceable, applicable, or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any claim. 
 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and such information could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. Additionally, sensitive information of the Company or our customers could be leaked, disclosed, or revealed as a result of or in connection with our employees , personnels , or vendors use of generative AI technologies. 
 
 Any or all of the above issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred, could result in adverse consequences including, but not limited to, business interruptions and diversions of funds, decreased ability to attract new customers, existing customers deciding to terminate or not renew their agreements, reduced ability to obtain and maintain required or desirable cybersecurity certifications, reputational damage, government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections), and private litigation (including class claims), any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our license arrangements with customers or in our agreements with vendors, partners, or others would be enforceable, applicable, or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any claim. 
 
 The Company may redeem unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the holder, thereby making the Public Warrants worthless . 
 
 We have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, if, among other things, the reference value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Public Warrants listed on Nasdaq as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the Public Warrants. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants as described above could force holders to (i) exercise the Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for holders to do so, (ii) sell the Public Warrants at the then-current market price when holders might otherwise wish to hold the Public Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of the Public Warrants. None of the 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants sold at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, which were assumed in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 
 In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per Public Warrant if, among other things, the reference value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Public Warrant). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their Public Warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of Common Stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Common Stock. The value received upon exercise of the Public Warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their Public Warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the Public Warrants, including because the number of shares of Common Stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Common Stock per Public Warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the Public Warrants. 
 
 We have the ability to require holders of the Public Warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis, which will cause holders to receive fewer shares of Common Stock upon their exercise of the Public Warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their Public Warrants for cash . 
 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria have been satisfied, we have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If the Company s management chooses to require holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, the number of 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 shares of our Common Stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised the Public Warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in the Company. 
 
 The exclusive forum clause set forth in the warrant agreement governing the Public Warrants may have the effect of limiting an investor s rights to bring legal action against us and could limit the investor s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us . 
 
 Our outstanding Public Warrants provide for investors to consent to exclusive forum to state or federal courts located in New York, New York. This exclusive forum may have the effect of limiting the ability of investors to bring a legal claim against us due to geographic limitations and may limit an investor s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the warrant limits or restricts the federal district court in which a holder of a warrant may bring a claim under the federal securities laws. 
 
 A substantial number of the Company s Common Stock are restricted securities and as a result, there may be limited liquidity for our Common Stock. 
 
 A substantial portion of our outstanding shares of Common Stock currently constitute restricted securities and control securities for purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or otherwise subject to a contractual lockup. As a result, there may initially be limited liquidity in the trading market for our Common Stock until these shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or the shares become available for resale without volume limitations or other restrictions under Rule 144 and are otherwise no longer subject to a lockup agreement. Even once these are no longer restricted or a registration statement for such shares has become effective, the liquidity for our Common Stock may remain limited given the substantial holdings of such stockholders, which could make the price of our Common Stock more volatile and may make it more difficult for investors to buy or sell large amounts of our Common Stock. 
 
 Future resales of our Common Stock may cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly, even if the Company s business is doing well. 
 
 The Company s pre-Business Combination equity holders hold the substantial majority of our outstanding Common Stock. The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our Common Stock and make it more difficult for you to sell your Common Stock at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Furthermore, we expect that, because there will be a large number of shares registered pursuant to registration statements, selling holders will continue to offer the securities covered by registration statements for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to a registration statement may continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 Further, sales of our Common Stock upon expected expiration of resale restrictions could encourage short sales by market participants. Generally, short selling means selling a security, contract or commodity not owned by the seller. The seller is committed to eventually purchase the financial instrument previously sold. Short sales are used to capitalize on an expected decline in the security s price. As such, short sales of our Common Stock could have a tendency to depress the price of our Common Stock, which could further increase the potential for short sales. 
 
 The Company cannot predict the size of future issuances or sales of our Common Stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our Common Stock will have on the market price of our Common Stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock, including issuances made in the ordinary course of the Company s business, or the perception that such sales could occur, may materially and adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, registration rights we may grant in the future, including in the ordinary course of the Company s business, may further depress market prices if these registration rights are exercised or shares of our Common Stock are sold under the registration statements. The presence of additional shares trading in the public market may also adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, while certain of the selling holders may experience a positive rate of return based on the current trading price of our Common Stock, public stockholders may not experience a similar rate of return on the securities purchased in the open market due to potential differences in the purchase prices paid by public stockholders for shares of Common Stock bought in the open market and the selling holders in transactions in which they purchased or received their Offered Securities and the current trading price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Certain existing securityholders acquired their securities in the Company at prices below the current trading price of such securities, and may experience a positive rate of return based on the current trading price. Future investors in our Company may not experience a similar rate of return . 
 
 Certain securityholders in the Company, including certain of the selling holders, acquired Common Stock, as well as shares of Common Stock underlying Warrants, at prices below the current trading price of such securities and may experience a positive rate of return based on the current trading price. On July 25, 2024, the closing price of our Common Stock was 2.66 per share. 
 
 Given the relatively lower purchase prices that many of our selling holders paid to acquire offered securities compared to their current trading prices, these selling holders in some instances may earn a significant positive rate of return on their investment depending on the market price of our Common Stock at the time that such selling holders choose to sell their securities. The selling holders purchased, or were given as consideration to, as applicable, the securities offered for resale at effective purchase prices ranging from significantly below to above current trading prices, as set forth in further detail in the section titled Purchase Price Paid By the Selling Security Holders in our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on June 20, 2024. Investors who purchase our Common Stock and Public Warrants on The Nasdaq Capital Market following the Business Combination may not experience a similar rate of return on the securities they purchased due to differences in the purchase prices and the current trading price. 
 
 The issuances of additional shares of Common Stock under the SEPA may result in dilution of holders of Common Stock and have a negative impact on the market price of the Common Stock 
 
 Pursuant to the SEPA, we may issue and sell up to 50 million of shares of Common Stock to the Yorkville Investor. The price at which we may issue and sell shares may be at either (i) 96 of the daily VWAP of the Common Stock for any period commencing on the receipt of the advance notice by the Yorkville Investor and ending on 4:00 p.m. on the applicable advance notice date or (ii) 97 of the lowest daily VWAP of the Common Stock during the three trading days following a notice to sell to the Yorkville Investor, provided that we are subject to certain caps on the amount of shares of Common Stock that we may sell on any single day. Assuming that (a) we issue and sell the full 50 million of shares of Common Stock under the SEPA to the Yorkville Investor, (b) no beneficial ownership limitations, and (c) the issue price for such sales is 1.00 or 2.00 per share, such additional issuances would represent in the aggregate approximately 50,000,000 or 25,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock, respectively, or approximately 56.8 or 39.7 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date hereof, after giving effect to such issuance. The timing, frequency, and the price at which we issue shares of Common Stock are subject to market prices and management s decision to sell shares of Common Stock, if at all. 
 
 Upon effectiveness of this registration statement, the Yorkville Investor may resell all, some or none of their shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them from time to time in their discretion and at different prices subject to the terms of the SEPA. As a result, investors will likely pay different prices for those shares, and so may experience different levels of dilution (and in some cases substantial dilution) and different outcomes in their investment results. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase as a result of future issuances by the Company, whether to the Yorkville Investor or others at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares. In addition, if we issue a substantial number of shares to such parties, or if investors expect that we will do so, the actual sales of shares or the mere existence of the SEPA may adversely affect the price of our Common Stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a desirable time and price, or at all. 
 
 The issuance, if any, of Common Stock would not affect the rights or privileges of the Company s existing stockholders, except that the economic and voting interests of existing stockholders would be diluted. Although the number of shares of Common Stock that existing stockholders own would not decrease as a result of these additional issuances, the shares of Common Stock owned by existing stockholders would represent a smaller percentage of the total outstanding shares of Common Stock after any such issuance, potentially significantly smaller. 
 
 Our ability to complete the Acquisition is dependent on our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Sellers have agreed to sell all of the outstanding equity interests of Cataneo to the Company for an aggregate purchase price of 19,500,000, including at a minimum, 9,000,000 in cash, and an additional amount of up to 3,000,000 subject to the Cash Election. The closing of the Acquisition is dependent, upon other things, on the Company obtaining the financing necessary to pay such cash purchase price on terms that are mutually acceptable to the parties. We will need to raise additional capital through debt or equity financings to fund such cash purchase price. A failure to obtain such financing on favorable terms, or at all, could cause the Company to be unable to complete the Acquisition, which could materially harm our business. There can be no assurance that our business or our financial condition will not be adversely affected, as compared to the condition prior to the announcement of the Acquisition, if the Acquisition is not consummated. 
 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate our business with Cataneo or realize the expected benefits of the Acquisition on our expected timeframe or at all. In addition, if we choose to acquire or invest in other new businesses, products or technologies, we may be unable to complete these acquisitions or successfully integrate them in a cost-effective and/or non-disruptive manner. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing customer demands, competitive pressures and advances in technologies. Failure to successfully identify, complete, manage and integrate acquisitions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause our stock price to decline. We continue to search for viable acquisition candidates or strategic transactions that would expand our market sector and/or global presence, as well as additional products appropriate for current distribution channels. Accordingly, we have previously and may in the future pursue the acquisition of new businesses, products or technologies instead of developing them internally. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage the expanded business following these acquisitions, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity associated with such acquisitions. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Sellers to help us enhance our product offerings, grow our customer bases, improve our path to profitability and strengthen our future financial position. In connection with any acquisitions, we could issue additional equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders, incur substantial debt to fund the acquisitions or assume significant liabilities. 
 
 Acquisitions involve many and diverse risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with conduction due diligence, the inability to satisfy closing conditions, problems integrating the purchased operations, assets, technologies or products, unanticipated costs, liabilities, and economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges due to our inexperience operating in new regions or countries, inability to achieve anticipated synergies, overpaying for acquisitions, invalid sales assumptions underlying potential acquisitions, issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies, diversion of management attention, adverse effects on existing business relationships or acquired company business relationships, risks associated with entering new markets, potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses, increased legal, accounting and compliance costs, and failure to successfully integrate acquired companies, such as Cataneo, or retain key personnel from the acquired company. 
 
 We compete with other companies for these opportunities, and we may be unable to consummate such acquisitions or other strategic transactions on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, acquired businesses may have ongoing or potential liabilities, legal claims (including tort and/or personal injury claims) or adverse operating issues that we fail to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition. Even if we are aware of such liabilities, claims or issues, we may not be able to accurately estimate the magnitude of the related liabilities and damages. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable laws or regulations, failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to their customers, or failed to satisfy legal obligations to employees or third parties, we, as the successor, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 August Private Placement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the August SPA with certain investors thereto pursuant to which the Company will issue an aggregate of 1,185,000 shares of Common Stock at a price per share of 5.00 for an aggregate purchase price of 5,925,000. As of November 13, 2024, a total of 220,000 shares of Common Stock have been issued to 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 the August Purchasers for gross proceeds of 550,000. Further, on August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the August Warrant Agreement with each of the Warrantholders, pursuant to which the Company issued to the Warrantholders an aggregate of 960,000 August Warrants, with an exercise price of 5.00 per share with an expiration period of five years from the date of issuance. The issuances of such shares and August Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 
 On August 26, 2024, the Company entered into the SEPA with Yorkville. Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to 50,000,000 of the Company s shares of Common Stock, at the Company s request any time during the commitment period commencing on August 26, 2024 and terminating on the 36-month anniversary of August 26, 2024. As partial consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase the shares of Common Stock pursuant to the SEPA, the Company issued to Yorkville of an aggregate of 280,899 shares of Common Stock. The issuance of such shares was not registered under the Securities Act and was issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Fee Conversion 
 
 On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a Fee Conversion Agreement with Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue 151,261 shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares at a value of 2.38 per share to Sponsor in exchange for the conversion of certain outstanding fees owed by the Company to Sponsor in the amount of 360,000. The Conversion Shares were offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D (Rule 506) thereunder. 
 
 July Private Placement 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company entered into the July SPA with The Williams Family Trust for the issuance and sale of 120,000 shares of Common Stock at a price per share of 2.50 and an aggregate of 240,000 July Warrants, consisting of (i) 120,000 warrants with a term of one year and (ii) 120,000 warrants with a term of five years to The Williams Family Trust for an aggregate purchase price of 0.3 million. The warrants are exercisable for Common Stock at a price of 2.50 per share and were immediately issued to The Williams Family Trust on July 1, 2024. The issuances of such shares and warrants were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Common Stock 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Common Stock. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 This item is not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Yorkville Promissory Note 
 
 On November 11, the Company issued a non-convertible unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately 1.7 million to Yorkville. The Promissory Note does not bear interest, subject to a potential increase of the interest rate to 18.0 per annum upon the occurrence of certain events of default as described in the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note matures on March 11, 2025, and was issued at an original issue discount of 10 . The Company will be required to make monthly cash payments beginning on December 15, 2024, and continuing on the same day of each successive calendar month (each, an Installment Date of principal in the amount of the sum of (i) 416,667 of Principal (or the outstanding principal amount if less than such amount), plus (ii) a 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 payment premium in an amount equal to 5 of the principal amount being paid, if applicable (the Payment Premium ), and (iii) any accrued and unpaid interest as of each Installment Date Installment Amounts ). 
 
 The Company shall, at its own option, repay each Installment Amount either (i) in cash on or before each, or (ii) by submitting an advance notice(s) under the SEPA (an Advance Repayment ), on or before the applicable Installment Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii) as determined by the Company. If the Company repays the Installment amount in cash, the cash payment shall include the Payment Premium. If the Company elects an Advance Repayment for all or a portion of an Installment Amount, then no Payment Premium will apply. In addition, for so long as the Promissory Note is outstanding, with respect to any advance notice submitted by the Company under the SEPA, the Company shall select an Option 2 Pricing Period (as defined in the SEPA), unless otherwise agreed by the Yorkville. 
 
 Director and Officer Trading Arrangements 
 
 None of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Items 408(a) and 408(c) of Regulation S-K, respectively) during the quarterly period covered by this report. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this Report or incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Exhibit Description 2.1# 
 Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of September 7, 2023, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc., BEN Merger Subsidiary Corp., DHC Acquisition Corp and, solely with respect to Section 7.21 and 9.03 thereto, DHC Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2023). 
 2.2# Share Purchase and Transfer Agreement, dated October 29, 2024, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc., Christian Unterseer, CUTV GmbH and CUNEO AG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2024). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Brand Engagement Network Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2024). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Brand Engagement Network Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2024). 
 4.1 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and DHC Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021). 
 4.2 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between DHC Acquisition Corp, DHC Sponsor, LLC and certain other equityholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021). 
 4.2.1 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 14, 2024 by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc. and the holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 20, 2024). 
 10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 1, 2024, by and between the Company and that certain purchaser identified on the signature page thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2024). 
 10.2 Separation and Release Agreement, dated August 22, 2024, by and between Brand Engagement Network Inc. and Michael Zacharski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2024). 
 10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc. and certain purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 
 10.4 Share Assignment and Lockup Release Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc., certain members of DHC Sponsor, LLC, certain other existing stockholders and affiliates of the Company signatory thereto and certain purchasers identified on the exhibits thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 
 10.5 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc. and each of the warrantholders signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 10.6 Form of Letter Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and among Brand Engagement Network Inc. and certain members of DHC Sponsor, LLC and certain other existing stockholders and affiliates of the Company signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 
 10.7 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2024, by and between Brand Engagement Network Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40130) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2024). 
 10.8 Promissory Note, dated November 11, 2024, by and between Brand Engagement Network Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 
 The following financial information from Brand Engagement Network Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 The certifications as Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by the reference into any filing of Brand Engagement Network Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 # Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the Commission upon request. 
 Certain information has been redacted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because it is both not material and is the type of information that the registrant customarily and actually treats as private or confidential. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of the unredacted exhibit upon request by the SEC. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Brand Engagement Network Inc. 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ Paul Chang 
 Name: Paul Chang 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ Bill Williams 
 Name: Bill Williams 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 53 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ben-ex108.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 
 Promissory Note 
 
 Original Principal Amount 1,666,667 
 Issuance Date November 11, 2024 
 Number BNAI-1 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company ), hereby promises to pay to the order of YA II PN, LTD. (the Holder the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to repayment, redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal and premium due thereon, as applicable, in each case when due, and to pay interest Interest on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). The Issuance Date is the date of the first issuance of this Promissory Note (the Note regardless of the number of transfers and regardless of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Note. 
 
 1. Funding . On the Issuance Date, upon the execution and delivery of this Note, the Holder shall pay to the Company the Original Principal Amount, less a discount equal to 10 of the Original Principal Amount, netted from the purchase price due and structured as an original issue discount (the Original Issue Discount ), in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing as set forth on a closing statement to be signed on the date hereof, and the Company shall deliver the Note to the Holder with a Principal amount equal to the full Original Principal Amount set forth above, duly executed on behalf of the Company. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Original Issue Discount (i) shall not be funded but shall be deemed to be fully earned upon issuance of the Note, and (ii) shall not reduce the principal amount of the Note. 
 2. Maturity Date . On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest, the Payment Premium (as defined below) and any other amounts outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note. The Maturity Date shall be March 11, 2025, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. 
 3. Payment of Interest . Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 0 Interest Rate ), which Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18 upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (for so long as such event remains uncured). Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 4. Installment Payments . Beginning on December 15, 2024, and continuing on the same day of each successive Calendar Month thereafter, (each, an Installment Date ), the Company shall repay a portion of the outstanding balance of this Note in an amount equal to the sum of (i) 416,667 of Principal (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount), plus (ii) a payment premium (in an amount equal to 5 of the Principal amount being paid (the Payment Premium ), if applicable , and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each Installment Date (collectively, the Installment Amount ). With respect to the payment of any Installment 

Amount by the Company hereunder, the Company shall, at its own option, repay each Installment Amount either (i) in cash on or before the Installment Date, or (ii) by submitting an Advance Notice (as defined in the SEPA) (an Advance Repayment ), or a series of Advance Notices, each with an Advance Date (as defined in the SEPA) on or before the applicable Installment Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii) as determined by the Company. In respect of any Installment Amount, or portion thereof, to be repaid by the Company in accordance with (i) of this Section 4, the Company shall pay to the Holder such Installment Amount to the Holder by wire transfer of immediately available funds in cash on or before such Installment Date, which cash payment shall include the Payment Premium. If the Company elects an Advance Repayment in accordance with (ii) of this Section 4, for all or a portion of an Installment Amount, then the Company shall deliver an Advance Notice to the Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SEPA, that will have an Advance Date on or before the applicable Installment Date. Upon the closing of such Advance Notice in accordance with the SEPA, the Holder shall offset the amount due to be paid by the Holder to the Company under the SEPA against an equal amount of the Installment Amount to be paid by the Advance Repayment. No Payment Premium shall apply in respect of any Advance Repayment . If, on the Installment Date any portion of the Installment Amount remains unpaid, the Company shall repay such outstanding Payment Amount as a cash repayment pursuant to (i) of this Section 4. Unless otherwise agreed by the Holder, any Advance Notice delivered to the Holder while this Note remains outstanding, shall be treated as an Advance Repayment with the proceeds of any such Advance Notice due to be paid to the Company first used to repay any outstanding balance under this Note before any proceeds shall be paid to the Company. 
 
 For so long as this Note is outstanding, with respect to any Advance Notice submitted by the Company, the Company shall select an Option 2 Pricing Period (as defined in the SEPA), unless otherwise agreed by the Holder. 
 
 5. Costs, Indemnities and Expenses . The Company agrees to pay all reasonable fees and costs incurred by the Holder in collecting or securing or attempting to collect this Note, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, whether or not involving litigation, collecting upon any judgments and or appellate or bankruptcy proceedings. The Company agrees to pay any documentary stamp taxes, intangible taxes or other taxes which may now or hereafter apply to this Note or any payment made in respect of this Note, and the Company agrees to indemnify and hold the Holder harmless from and against any liability, costs, attorneys fees, penalties, interest or expenses relating to any such taxes, as and when the same may be incurred. 
 6. Event of Default . An Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred upon the occurrence of any of the following (i) the Company should fail for any reason or for no reason to make any payment of the principal, interest, costs, indemnities, or expenses pursuant to this Note within 5 days after such payment is demanded by the Holder (ii) failure by the Company for ten (10) days after notice to it to satisfy any of its other obligations or requirements or comply with any of its other agreements under this Note (iii) the Company shall default in any of its obligations under any other note or any mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture, or other instrument or item under which there may be issued in any amount in excess of 500,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created and such default shall result in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable (iv) any proceedings under any bankruptcy laws of the United States of America or under any insolvency, reorganization, receivership, readjustment of debt, dissolution, liquidation or any similar law or statute of any jurisdiction now or hereinafter in effect (whether in law or at equity) is filed by or against the 

Company or for all or any part of its property or (v) any judgment is entered by a court or administrative body against the Company in excess of 500,000 shall be entered against the Company. Upon an Event of Default, the entire principal balance and accrued interest outstanding under this Note, and the Payment Premium, and all other obligations of the Company under this Note, shall be accelerated and immediately due and payable without any action on the part of the Holder. Upon an Event of Default, Holder shall be entitled to seek and institute any and all remedies available to it and Holder need not provide and Company hereby waives any presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. 
 7. Severability . If any provision of this Note is, for any reason, invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Note will nevertheless be valid and enforceable and will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Note that is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction will be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable and as so modified will remain in full force and effect. 
 8. Amendment and Waiver . This Note may be amended, or any provision of this Note may be waived, provided that any such amendment or waiver will be binding on a party hereto only if such amendment or waiver is set forth in a writing executed by the parties hereto. The waiver by any such party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other breach. 
 9. Successors . Except as otherwise provided herein, this Note shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns. 
 10. Assignment . This Note shall not be directly or indirectly assignable or delegable by the Company. The Holder may assign this Note. 
 11. Further Assurances . Each party hereto will execute all documents and take such other actions as the other party may reasonably request in order to consummate the transactions provided for herein and to accomplish the purposes of this Note. 
 12. Notices, Consents, etc. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) or (iii) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be 
 
 If to Company Brand Engagement Network Inc. 145 E. Snow King Ave PO Box 1045 Jackson, WY 83001 Attention Paul Chang Bill Williams Telephone (307) 200-5559 (312) 810-7422 Email paul.chang beninc.ai bill beninc.ai 
 With a copy to (which shall not 
 constitute notice or delivery of process) to 

Haynes and Boone, LLP 
 2801 N Harwood St 
 Suite 2300 
 Dallas, TX 75201 
 Attention Matthew L. Fry 
 Telephone 214-651-5443 
 Email matt.fry haynesboone.com 
 If to the Investor(s) YA II PN, Ltd. 1012 Springfield Avenue Mountainside, NJ 07092 Attention Mark Angelo Portfolio Manager Telephone (201) 985-8300 Email mangelo yorkvilleadvisors.com With a Copy (which shall not constitute notice or delivery of process) to Yorkville Advisors Global 1012 Springfield Avenue Mountainside, NJ 07092 Attention Legal Department Telephone (201) 985-8300 Email legal yorkvilleadvisors.com 
 
 or at such other address and or email and or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) electronically generated by the sender's e-mail service provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively. 
 
 13. Governing Law Jurisdiction . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Note and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of construction, validity and performance. 
 (b) Jurisdiction Venue Service 
 (i) The Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing Jurisdiction. 
 (ii) The Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder or, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, in any 

United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company waives any right to object to the maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience of forum. 
 (iii) Any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 (iv) The Company and the Holder irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing. 
 (v) Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (c)THE PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS NOTE OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES 

ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY. 
 14. No Inconsistent Agreements . None of the parties hereto will hereafter enter into any agreement which is inconsistent with the rights granted to the parties in this Note. 
 
 15. Third Parties . Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any person or entity, other than the parties to this Note and their respective permitted successors and assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Note. 
 
 16. Entire Agreement . This Note sets forth the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall not be modified or affected by any offer, proposal, statement or representation, oral or written, made by or for any party in connection with the negotiation of the terms hereof, and may be modified only by instruments signed by all of the parties hereto. 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , with the intent to be legally bound hereby, the Company has executed this Promissory Note as of the date first written above. 

BRAND ENGAGEMENT NETWORK INC. 
 
 By s Paul Chang 
 Name Paul Chang 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO BY 
 YA II PN, LTD. By Yorkville Advisors Global, LP Its Investment Manager By Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC 
 Its General Partner 

By s Michael Rosselli 
 Name Michael Rosselli 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ben-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Paul Chang, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brand Engagement Network Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Paul Chang Paul Chang Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ben-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bill Williams, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brand Engagement Network Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Bill Williams Bill Williams Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ben-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brand Engagement Network Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Chang, in my capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and not in my individual capacity, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Paul Chang Paul Chang Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ben-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Brand Engagement Network Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bill Williams, in my capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and not in my individual capacity, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Bill Williams Bill Williams Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bnai-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bnai-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bnai-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bnai-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bnai-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

