<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1876716_0001213900-24-096883.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3651339</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>92509</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>819646</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>701974</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>910232</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1055690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096883.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112170020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096883
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASPAC II Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001876716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41372
		FILM NUMBER:		241449575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CHEUNG KONG CENTER, 58 FLOOR, UNIT 5801
		STREET 2:		2 QUEENS ROAD CENTRAL
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 9258 9728

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CHEUNG KONG CENTER, 58 FLOOR, UNIT 5801
		STREET 2:		2 QUEENS ROAD CENTRAL
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC II Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096883.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0218641-10q_aspac2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from______ to ______ 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

n/a (State or Other Jurisdiction 
of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) of one Class A ordinary share 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of November 12, 2024, Class
A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 24 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 25 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 25 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 26 

SIGNATURES 
 27 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts, and involve
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other
than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 29, 2024 and
the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering filed with the SEC on May 3, 2022. The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, no par value; shares and shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding; excluding 387,978 shares and 1,996,395 shares subject to possible redemption, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A and Class B ordinary shares not subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A and Class B ordinary shares not subject to redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net Income 

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned in trust account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from trust account to pay shareholder redemptions 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment of public shareholder redemptions 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activities from June 28, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024, are related to the Company s
formation, the initial public offering IPO and its search of a Business Combination target as described below. The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company
will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO
(as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
IPO became effective on May 2, 2022. On May 5, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units ), which
includes the partial exercise of the over-allotment option of Units granted to the underwriters. The Units were sold at an offering
price of per unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated
the private placement Private Placement with A SPAC II (Holdings) Corp., the Company s sponsor, of warrants
(the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon completion of a Business Combination),
 of other offering costs and fair value of the representative shares considered as part of the transaction
costs. 

The Company also issued shares of Class
A ordinary shares (the Representative Shares to Maxim Group LLC, Maxim ), the representative of the underwriters,
as part of representative compensation, the fair value of which is . The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares
except that Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination. The Representative Shares are deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a
period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In
addition, the representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
(as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 15 months of the
closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination). 

Upon the closing of the IPO on May 5, 2022, per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and a portion of the sale of the Private Placement
was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust as a trustee and will
be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a
maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding
Class A ordinary shares sold with the Units (the Public Shares sold in the IPO (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public
Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially
anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

5 

, the Public Shares are
redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares
may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s
Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or
stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction. 

The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors
(the Initial Shareholder has agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the
substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction
with any such amendment. 

The Company initially had until 15 months from the closing of the IPO
(or up to 21 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination), as a result of the shareholders 
approval, the Company amended and restated its Charter to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination to August
5, 2025, or up to 39 months from the IPO (the Combination Period as described below). If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination by August 5, 2025. the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s
Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under British Virgin Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

6 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held
in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

On August 1, 2023, at its Extraordinary General
Meeting of the Shareholders (the 2023 EGM ), the Company s shareholders approved a proposal to amend and restate the
Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter to, among other things, allow
the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination to August 5, 2024, or up to 27 months from its
initial public offering. In connection with the shareholders vote at the 2023 EGM, Class A ordinary shares were redeemed
for . The Company filed the Charter amendment with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs at the British Virgin Islands on August
1, 2023. 

On December 11, 2023, the Company received a notice
from Nasdaq, stating that the Company s listed securities failed to comply with the market value of listed securities
requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A) based upon the Company s
market value of listed securities for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the notice. Pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement
entered by and between the Company and the Sponsor dated December 7, 2023, the Sponsor transferred and delivered to the Company 
Class B ordinary shares of the Company in exchange for Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Share Exchange ).
The Class A Shares issued in connection with the Share Exchange are subject to the same restricted as applied to the Class B
Shares before the Share Exchange, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation
to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. 

Immediately following the Share Exchange, there
were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The issuance of the Class
A ordinary shares has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

On March 15, 2024, the Company received a letter Non-Compliance Letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies
with Nasdaq s continued listing rules on The Nasdaq Global Market due to the Company not having maintained a minimum of 400 public
holders for continued listing, as required pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2). In accordance with the Nasdaq listing rules, the
Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance. On April 29, 2024, the Company submitted a compliance plan. On May
1, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq accepting the Company s compliance plan. The Company was given an extension of
up to September 11, 2024 to regain compliance with Rule 5450(a)(2). 

On July 23, 2024, at its Extraordinary General
Meeting of the Shareholders (the 2024 EGM ), the Company s shareholders approved the proposal to amend and restate
the Company s Charter to allow the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination to August 5, 2025,
or up to 39 months from its initial public offering (the Third Amended Charter ). The Company filed the Third Amended Charter
with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs at the British Virgin Islands on July 23, 2024. In connection with the shareholders vote
at the 2024 EGM, Class A ordinary shares were redeemed for . Immediately after the redemption, there was approximately
 million remaining in the Trust Account and Sponsor holds approximately of the Company s outstanding ordinary
shares. 

7 

and a working capital deficit of . 

The Company has until August 5, 2025 to consummate
a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly held reporting company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit
of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination
or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which
case, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with
such Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period (by August 5, 2025), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation
and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such an additional condition also raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that COVID-19 could have a negative effect on the Company s
search for a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these unaudited
condensed financial statements. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally, as a result of the military action
commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions and the impact
of armed conflict in Israel and the Gaza Strip commenced in October 2023, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination,
or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely
affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt
financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in
third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions
on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate
a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

8 

and in cash
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. 

9 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not experienced losses
on this account. 

and per share, respectively, as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional
paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

10 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss including remeasurement of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

11 

Units at a price of per Unit. 

All of the Public Shares sold as part
of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote
or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. If it is probable that the
equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period
from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest
redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount
of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes
immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of
retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

12 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants and Public Rights 

Proceeds allocate to over-allotment liability 

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2022 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Payment to redeemed shareholders 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption- December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Payment to redeemed shareholders 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption- September 30, 2024 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of . The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the IPO, except with respect
to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds
from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B Ordinary Shares, with no par value Class B Ordinary Shares for an aggregate price of . On March 24, 2022, the Company cancelled of such Founder Shares for no consideration, resulting
in Founder Shares remaining outstanding (of which an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). 

The Initial Shareholders have agreed to forfeit
up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture
will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares
will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO. As a result of the underwriter s partial
exercise of the over-allotment option on May 5, 2022, shares of Class B ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on
May 6, 2022. 

Pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement entered
by and between the Company and the Sponsor dated December 7, 2023, the Sponsor transferred and delivered to the Company Class
B ordinary shares of the Company in exchange for Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Share Exchange ).
The Class A Shares issued in connection with the Share Exchange are subject to the same restricted as applied to the Class B
Shares before the Share Exchange, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation
to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. 

13 

Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The issuance of the Class
A ordinary shares has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

Prior to the initial Business Combination, only
holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of at least a majority of the ordinary shares who are eligible to
vote and attend and vote in a general meeting of the shareholders. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders,
including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, except as required by law, holders of the Founder Shares and holders
of the public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

The Initial Shareholders have agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the
completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the
Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date
on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

On July 8, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the
Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This
loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. The amount was subsequently repaid
on May 10, 2022. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Note. 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no Working Capital Loans
outstanding. 

14 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, at IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On May 5, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the underwriter
partially exercised its over-allotment option to purchase Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of per unit, or (including the partial exercise of over-allotment option) upon the closing of the IPO. In
addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred commission of per unit, or (including the over-allotment of
 units), which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to
the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Representative s Class A Ordinary
Shares 

The Company issued to Maxim and/or its designees,
 Class A ordinary shares including shares as a result of partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option
at the closing of the IPO. 

The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA
and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale,
derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180
days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their officers,
partners, registered persons or affiliates. 

The representative s ordinary shares are
measured at fair value upon the issue date. The Company used both Monte Carlo model and Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method that
values the representative shares. Key inputs into the Monte Carlo model were (i) risk-free rate of , (ii) volatility of , (iii)
estimated term of years, resulting in the fair value of the representative shares of approximately or per
share. 

shares of preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no
shares of preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary
shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A Ordinary shares with no par value. As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding excluding
 shares and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class B Ordinary shares The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B Ordinary shares with no par value. Holders of Class B Ordinary shares are
entitled to one vote for each share. On March 24, 2022, the Company cancelled of such Founder Shares for no consideration, resulting
in Founder Shares remaining outstanding (of which an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter). As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on May 5, 2022, shares of Class B Ordinary share were forfeited for no consideration on May 6, 2022. 

On December 7, 2023, Class B Ordinary
shares were exchanged for Class A Ordinary shares of the Company (the Share Exchange pursuant to a Share Exchange
Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor. The Class A ordinary shares issued in connection with the Share Exchange are
subject to the same restricted as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the Share Exchange, including, among other things, certain
transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described
in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. As a result of the Share Exchange, the Sponsor holds approximately
 of the Company s then outstanding Class A Ordinary shares. 

15 

and Class A Ordinary shares, and and Class B Ordinary shares, respectively, issued and
outstanding. 

Holders of Class A Ordinary shares and Class B
Ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law. 

The Class B Ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A Ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In
the case that additional Class A Ordinary Shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered
in the Proposed Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B Ordinary shares
shall convert into Class A Ordinary Shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B Ordinary shares
agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A Ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum
of the total number of all Ordinary Shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (excluding the Private Placement Warrants purchased
by the Sponsor) plus all Class A Ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business
Combination. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B Ordinary shares into an equal number of shares of Class
A Ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

Warrants Each whole warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Company will account for the Private Placement
Warrants as equity instruments. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of a Business Combination and
twelve months from the effective date of this registration statement. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has
an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Pubic Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. There were Public Warrants outstanding as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per ordinary
shares equals or exceeds . 

Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the 30-day redemption period and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem the Warrants as described
above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is effective and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the warrant agreement. 

16 

per share of ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the
trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the
Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the share redemption trigger price described below under Description of
Securities Redeemable Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants will be identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Rights Except in cases where the
Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted all shares held
by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation with respect
to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business
Combination, each holder of a Public Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth
(1/10) of one Class A ordinary share underlying each Public Right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of Public Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional Class A ordinary shares upon consummation
of a Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates
of the Company). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving
entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Public Rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders
of the Class A ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis. 

The Company will not issue fractional shares in
connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed
in accordance with the applicable provisions of the British Virgin Islands General Corporation Law. As a result, the holders of the Public
Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders rights upon closing of a Business
Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the
funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Rights, nor
will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Rights,
and the Public Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders
of the Public Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle
the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire and become worthless. There were Public Rights outstanding as of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023. 

17 

3 

The Company used several models (i.e., Monte Carlo,
PWERM and Finnerty) to value the Representative Shares granted to Maxim. Key inputs into the Monte Carlo model were (i) risk-free rate
of , (ii) volatility of , (iii) estimated term of years, resulting in the fair value of the representative shares
being approximately or per share. 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to A SPAC II Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based
these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or
contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands as a business company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Business Combination ). We have
not yet selected any specific Business Combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the
proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants (the Private
Placement ), the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial Business Combination, our shares, debt or
a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On July 23, 2024, at its extraordinary general
meeting of the shareholders (the 2024 EGM ), the Company s shareholders approved the proposal to amend and restate
the Company s Charter to allow the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination to August 5, 2025,
or up to 39 months from its initial public offering (the Third Amended Charter ). The Company filed the Third Amended Charter
with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs at the British Virgin Islands on July 23, 2024. In connection with the shareholders vote
at the EGM, 1,608,417 Class A ordinary shares were redeemed for 18,165,082. Immediately after the redemption, there was approximately
 4.38 million remaining in the Trust Account and Sponsor holds approximately 88.0 of the Company s 5,687,978 outstanding ordinary
shares. 

On September 13, 2024, the Company received
a letter Delisting Letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq, which stated that the Company did not
comply with the minimum 400 total shareholders requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, and had failed to regain
compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) during the extension period which ended on September 11, 2024. 

On September 24, 2024, trading in the Company s
securities was suspended on Nasdaq. The securities are now quoted Over-the-Counter market. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception June 28, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for, and consummate, the IPO. Following our IPO, our only activities have been
seeking a target business with which to complete a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenue until after
the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

19 

We expect to continue to generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will continue to incur increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net loss of 64,743, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 195,662 , offset by interest income of 130,919.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 215,882, which consisted of general and administrative expenses
of 497,763, offset by interest income 713,645. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 997,013, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 291,401, offset by interest income of 1,288,414.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of 5,270,578, which consisted of general and administrative expenses
of 713,350, offset by interest income 5,983,928. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As previously disclosed on a Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Units which includes the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary Share ),
one-half of one redeemable warrant Warrant entitling its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per
full share and one right Right to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial
Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the Private Placement with the Company s Sponsor of 8,966,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the public warrants
sold in the IPO, as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

On May 5, 2022, a total of 203,500,000 of the
net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s
public shareholders. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay
our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business
Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business.
Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations,
for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay
any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the funds available
to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, cash used in operating activities was 369,395 and 531,706, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 4,433,981 consisting of securities held in a treasury trust fund that invests in United States government
treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by
us to pay taxes. Through September 30, 2024, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. We intend
to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account
(less taxes payable), to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used
in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working
capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing
or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing
or new products or services. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred
prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover
such expenses. 

20 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 72,752
outside the Trust Account. Until consummation of the Business Combination, we intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account for
identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business
Combination. 

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a
target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to
do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. In this event, our officers,
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us upon consummation of the business combination.
In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to
repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our initial
shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation
of our Business Combination, in which case, subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we may issue additional securities
or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete
such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following
our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
of 72,752 and working capital deficit of 168,214. Pursuant to the Company s Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, the Company has until August 5, 2025 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able
to consummate a Business Combination within this time period (the Combination Period ). If a Business Combination is not
consummated within the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of
the consummation of a business combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is
through the Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination within the Combination
Period (by August 5, 2025), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful
within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such an additional condition also raises substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

21 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non- financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any
long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below: 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares, private placement
warrants, shares being issued to the underwriters and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and in each
case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
that required the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to our Class
A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company
register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 7,000,000 (i.e., 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO and over-allotment). The deferred fee will be payable in cash to the underwriters
solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Representative s Ordinary Shares 

The Company issued to the underwriters and/or
its designees, 300,000 Class A ordinary shares including 22,500 ordinary shares as a result of partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option at the closing of the IPO. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We prepare our unaudited condensed financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of the unaudited condensed
financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs
and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We have
not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosure ASU 2023-09 ). ASU 2023-09
mostly requires, on an annual basis, disclosure of specific categories in an entity s effective tax rate reconciliation and income
taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The incremental disclosures may be presented on a prospective or retrospective basis. The ASU
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the
impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s unaudited
condensed financial statements. 

22 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation and the fact that management s report on internal control over financial reporting was inadvertently
omitted from Item 9A of the Original Form 10-K, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims or other contingencies incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material
litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal
exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item . However, in addition to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the
SEC on May 3, 2022 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company has identified the below-listed
additional risk factors. 

On September 24, 2024, trading in the Company s
securities was suspended on Nasdaq and our securities are now quoted over-the-counter OTC market. This could limit investors 
ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

On September 13, 2024, the Company received a
letter Delisting Letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq, which stated that the Company did not
comply with the minimum 400 total shareholders requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, and had failed to regain
compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) during the extension period which ended on September 11, 2024. 

On September 24, 2024, trading in the Company s securities was
suspended on Nasdaq. 

Our securities are currently quoted on the over-the-counter market.
As a result, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares is a penny
stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in
a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Currently our securities are not eligible for proprietary broker-dealer
quotations. All quotes will reflect unsolicited customer orders and, as a result, we expect any trading to involve a higher risk of wider
spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations and a general illiquid trading environment. Proprietary broker-dealer quotations
may not commence until an initial review by a broker-dealer under the SEC s Rule 15c2-11 which would enable brokers to publish competing
quotes and provide continuous market making. No assurance can be provided that a liquid trading market will develop even if market makers
begin proprietary quotations and thus we expect investors will experience difficulty in trading our securities. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because they have been delisted, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be
subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. This state level regulation introduces additional compliance requirements
for brokers to consider making markets in our securities and will further negatively impact any trading liquidity in our securities. Federal
statute allows the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity,
the states can regulate or bar the sale of securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers
to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Since our securities are no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities are not covered securities
and we are subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination
if our securities are not listed on an exchange prior to an initial business combination. 

24 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The registration statement (the Registration
Statement for our IPO was declared effective on May 2, 2022. As previously disclosed on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated May
6, 2022, on May 5, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 Units which includes the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option granted to the underwriters. Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, one-half of one redeemable Warrant entitling its holder
to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per full share and one Right to receive one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of an initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. 

As previously disclosed on a Current Report on
Form 8-K dated May 6, 2022, on May 5, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement
with the Company s Sponsor of 8,966,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating
total proceeds of 8,966,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the public warrants sold in the IPO, as set forth in the
Underwriting Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

As of May 5, 2022, a total of 203,500,000 10.175
per Unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a Trust Account established for the benefit of
the Company s public shareholders located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee,
and held as cash or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under the Investment
Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

We paid a total of approximately 3,380,000 in
underwriting fees and commissions (not including the 3.5 deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of the initial
Business Combination) and approximately 567,629 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the IPO. 

Pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement between
the Company and the Sponsor dated December 7, 2023, the Sponsor has transferred and delivered to the Company 4,900,000 Class B ordinary
shares of the Company in exchange for 4,900,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company (the Share Exchange ). The issuance
of the 4,900,000 Class A ordinary shares has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

25 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d- 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

26 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 
 A SPAC II ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Serena Shie 

Name: 
 Serena Shie 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021864101ex31-1_aspac2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Serena Shie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Serena Shie 

Serena Shie 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021864101ex31-2_aspac2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudius Tsang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021864101ex32-1_aspac2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of A SPAC
II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Serena Shie, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 /s/ Serena Shie 

Name: 
 Serena Shie 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021864101ex32-2_aspac2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of A SPAC
II Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Claudius Tsang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 
 /s/ Claudius Tsang 

Name: 
 Claudius Tsang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ascb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ascb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ascb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ascb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ascb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

