<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_4977_0000004977-24-000167.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35456611</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263520</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3027509</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19715420</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5467448</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5859758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000004977-24-000167.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101082531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000004977-24-000167
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AFLAC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000004977
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ACCIDENT & HEALTH INSURANCE [6321]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581167100
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07434
		FILM NUMBER:		241417146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1932 WYNNTON RD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31999
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7063233431

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1932 WYNNTON ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31999

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN FAMILY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000004977-24-000167.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 afl-20240930.htm
 10-Q

afl-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of the issuer's common stock were outstanding as of October 24, 2024. 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION: 
 Page Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 80 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 119 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 119 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION: 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 120 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 120 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 121 
 Glossary of Selected Terms 
 122 
 
 Items other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts - Unaudited) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Net earned premiums, principally supplemental health insurance (1) 
 Net investment income Net investment gains (losses) ) Other income (loss) Total revenues Benefits and expenses: Benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement Reserve remeasurement (gains) losses ) ) ) ) Total benefits and claims, net Acquisition and operating expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Insurance commissions Insurance and other expenses Interest expense Total acquisition and operating expenses Total benefits and expenses Earnings before income taxes Income taxes Net earnings ) Net earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average outstanding common shares used in computing earnings per share (In thousands): Basic Diluted Cash dividends per share 
 (1) and for the three-month periods and ) and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-payment contracts. 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 1 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions - Unaudited) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes: Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses on fixed maturity securities included in net earnings ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period ) Pension liability adjustment during period ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 Assets: Investments and cash: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at fair value allowance for credit losses in 
 2024 and 2023, amortized cost in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale - consolidated variable interest entities, at fair value 
 (amortized cost in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Fixed maturity securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance 
 for credit losses of in 2024 and in 2023 (fair value in 2024 and in 2023) 
 Equity securities, at fair value Commercial mortgage and other loans, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2024 and 
 in 2023 (includes in 2024 and in 2023 of consolidated variable interest entities) 
 Other investments 
 (includes in 2024 and in 2023 of consolidated variable interest entities) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Total investments and cash Receivables Accrued investment income Deferred policy acquisition costs Property and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation Other Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity: Liabilities: Policy liabilities: Future policy benefits Unpaid policy claims Unearned premiums Other policyholders funds Total policy liabilities Income taxes Payables for return of cash collateral on loaned securities Notes payable and lease obligations Other Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 13) 
 par value. In thousands: authorized 
 shares in 2024 and 2023; issued shares in 2024 and shares in 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) ) Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Pension liability adjustment ) ) Treasury stock, at average cost ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts - Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net earnings Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes ) ) Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net earnings Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (continued) 

4 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (continued) 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts - Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net earnings ) ) Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes ) ) Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes ) ) Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) Dividends to shareholders are recorded in the period in which they are declared. 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (continued) 
 
 5 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (continued) 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts - Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net earnings Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes ) ) Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net earnings Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes ) ) Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) Dividends to shareholders are recorded in the period in which they are declared. 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 (continued) 

6 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (continued) 
 (In millions, except for per share amounts - Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net earnings Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) during period, net of income taxes ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities during period, net of income taxes and reclassification adjustments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives during period, net of income taxes Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions during period, net of income taxes Pension liability adjustment during period, net of income taxes Dividends to shareholders (1) 
 per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Treasury stock reissued Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) Dividends to shareholders are recorded in the period in which they are declared. 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions - Unaudited) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Change in receivables and advance premiums Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Increase in policy liabilities ) ) Change in income tax liabilities ) ) Net investment (gains) losses ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from investments sold or matured: Available-for-sale fixed maturity securities Equity securities Held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities Commercial mortgage and other loans Costs of investments acquired: Available-for-sale fixed maturity securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) Other investments, net ) ) Settlement of derivatives, net ) Cash received (pledged or returned) as collateral, net Other, net ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from borrowings Principal payments under debt obligations ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Change in investment-type contracts, net ) ) Treasury stock reissued Other, net ) 
 ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid Noncash interest Noncash real estate acquired in satisfaction of debt Noncash financing activities: Lease obligations Treasury stock issued for: Associate stock bonus Shareholder dividend reinvestment Share-based compensation grants 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Interim period data - Unaudited) 

1. 
 
 reportable business segments: Aflac Japan, which includes ALIJ, and Aflac U.S., which includes Aflac, Aflac New York, CAIC, TOIC and ABS. Aflac New York is a wholly owned subsidiary of Aflac. Most of the Aflac U.S. policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. With the exception of dental and vision products administered by ABS, and certain group life insurance products, Aflac U.S. markets and administers group products through CAIC, branded as Aflac Group Insurance. Additionally, Aflac U.S. markets its consumer markets products through TOIC. The Company's insurance operations in the U.S. and Japan service the two markets for the Company's insurance business. The Parent Company, other operating business units that are not individually reportable, reinsurance activities, including internal reinsurance activity with Aflac Re Bermuda Ltd. (Aflac Re), and other business activities not included in Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S., as well as intercompany eliminations, are included in Corporate and other. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). These principles are established primarily by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). In these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, references to U.S. GAAP issued by the FASB are derived from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification TM (ASC). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. The most significant items on the Company's balance sheet that involve a greater degree of accounting estimates and actuarial determinations subject to changes in the future are the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), liabilities for future policy benefits and income taxes. These accounting estimates and actuarial determinations are sensitive to market conditions, investment yields, interest rates, mortality, morbidity, commission and other acquisition expenses and terminations by policyholders. As additional information becomes available, or actual amounts are determinable, the recorded estimates are revised and reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Although some variability is inherent in these estimates, the Company believes the amounts provided are reasonable and reflective of the best estimates of management. 
 
 The unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent Company, its subsidiaries and those entities required to be consolidated under applicable accounting standards. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which are necessary to fairly present the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income (loss) for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, June 30, 2024 and 2023, and September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. As a result, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Annual Report). 

9 

million with a corresponding decrease to net cash flows provided by investing activities. 

2. 
 
 reportable insurance business segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S., both of which sell supplemental health and life insurance. In addition, the Parent Company, other operating business units that are not individually reportable, reinsurance activities, including internal reinsurance activity with Aflac Re, and other business activities not included in Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S., as well as intercompany eliminations, are included in Corporate and other. The Company does not allocate corporate overhead expenses to business segments. 
 
 Consistent with U.S. GAAP accounting guidance for segment reporting, the Company evaluates and manages its business segments using a financial performance measure called pretax adjusted earnings. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings are adjusted revenues less benefits and adjusted expenses. The adjustments to both revenues and expenses account for certain items that are outside management s control because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or are related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations. The Company excludes income taxes related to operations to arrive at pretax adjusted earnings. 
 Adjusted revenues are U.S. GAAP total revenues excluding net investment gains and losses, except for amortized hedge costs/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and net interest income/expense from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are 
 10 

and in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and in both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023. The percentage of the Company's total assets attributable to Aflac Japan was at September 30, 2024, compared with at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Adjusted net investment income Other income Total adjusted revenue Aflac Japan Aflac U.S.: Net earned premiums Adjusted net investment income Other income Total adjusted revenue Aflac U.S. Corporate and other (2) 
 Total adjusted revenues Net investment gains (losses) ) Reconciling items: Amortized hedge costs Amortized hedge income ) ) ) ) Net interest (income) expense from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies Total revenues 
 (1) Includes a gain (loss) of ) and for the three-month periods and ) and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-payment contracts. 
 (2) and for the three-month periods and and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, is included as a reduction to net investment income. Tax credits on these investments of and for the three-month periods and and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. See Note 3 for additional information on these investments. 
 
 11 

Aflac U.S. Corporate and other (2) 
 ) ) Pretax adjusted earnings Other income (loss) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) Reconciling items: Amortized hedge costs Amortized hedge income ) ) ) ) Net interest (income) expense from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies Impact of interest from derivatives associated 
 with notes payable 
 ) ) ) ) Total earnings before income taxes Income taxes applicable to pretax adjusted earnings Effect of foreign currency translation on after-tax adjusted earnings ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes a gain (loss) of ) and for the three-month periods and ) and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-payment contracts. 
 (2) and for the three-month periods and and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, is included as a reduction to net investment income. Tax credits on these investments of and for the three-month periods and and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. See Note 3 for additional information on these investments. 
 
 Aflac U.S. Corporate and other Total assets 

12 

3. 
 Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total yen-denominated U.S. dollar-denominated: U.S. government and agencies Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total U.S. dollar-denominated Other currencies: Other corporate Total other currencies Total securities available-for-sale 
 
 13 

Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total yen-denominated U.S. dollar-denominated: U.S. government and agencies Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total U.S. dollar-denominated Total securities available-for-sale 
 
 Municipalities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Other corporate Total yen-denominated Total securities held-to-maturity 
 
 14 

Municipalities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Other corporate Total yen-denominated Total securities held-to-maturity 
 
 U.S. dollar-denominated Other currencies Total equity securities 
 
 The methods of determining the fair values of the Company's investments in fixed maturity securities and equity securities are described in Note 5. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, the Company did reclassify any investments from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category. 
 
 15 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Total fixed maturity securities available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total fixed maturity securities held-to-maturity 

Economic maturities are used for certain debt instruments with no stated maturity where the expected maturity date is based on the combination of features in the financial instrument such as the right to call or prepay obligations or changes in coupon rates. 
 
 Investment Concentrations 
 
 The Company's process for investing in credit-related investments begins with an independent approach to underwriting each issuer's fundamental credit quality. The Company evaluates independently those factors that it believes could influence an issuer's ability to make payments under the contractual terms of the Company's instruments. This includes a thorough analysis of a variety of items including the issuer's country of domicile (including political, legal, and financial considerations); the industry in which the issuer competes (with an analysis of industry structure, end-market dynamics, and regulation); company specific issues (such as management, assets, earnings, cash generation, and capital needs); and contractual provisions of the instrument (such as financial covenants and position in the capital structure). The Company further evaluates the investment considering broad business and portfolio management objectives, including asset/liability needs, portfolio diversification, and expected income. 

(1) 

16 

Gross losses from sales ) ) ) ) Foreign currency gains (losses) Other investments: Gross gains (losses) from sales and redemptions ) Total sales and redemptions Equity securities 
 Credit losses: Fixed maturity securities held-to-maturity Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) ) ) Impairment losses ) ) Loan commitments ) Reinsurance recoverables and other ) Total credit losses ) ) ) ) Derivatives and other: Derivative gains (losses) ) ) ) Foreign currency gains (losses) ) Total derivatives and other ) ) Total net investment gains (losses) ) 
 
 The unrealized holding gains, net of losses, recorded as a component of net investment gains and losses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 that relate to equity securities held at the September 30, 2024 reporting date were million. The unrealized holding gains, net of losses, recorded as a component of net investment gains and losses for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023 that relate to equity securities held at the September 30, 2023 reporting date were million. 
 
 The unrealized holding gains, net of losses, recorded as a component of net investment gains and losses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 that relate to equity securities held at the September 30, 2024 reporting date were million. The unrealized holding gains, net of losses, recorded as a component of net investment gains and losses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023 that relate to equity securities held at the September 30, 2023 reporting date were million. 
 
 Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses 
 Effect on Shareholders Equity 
 Deferred income taxes ) ) Shareholders equity, unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities 
 
 17 

Japan government and agencies: Yen-denominated Municipalities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Mortgage- and asset- backed securities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Public utilities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Sovereign and supranational: Yen-denominated Banks/financial institutions: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Other corporate: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Total 
 
 18 

Japan government and agencies: Yen-denominated Municipalities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Mortgage- and asset- backed securities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Public utilities: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Sovereign and supranational: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Banks/financial institutions: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Other corporate: U.S. dollar-denominated Yen-denominated Total 
 
 Analysis of Securities in Unrealized Loss Positions 
 
 The unrealized losses on the Company's available-for-sale securities have been primarily related to general market changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and/or the levels of credit spreads rather than specific concerns with the issuer's ability to pay interest and repay principal. 
 
 For any available-for-sale securities with significant declines in fair value, the Company performs detailed analyses to identify whether the drivers of the declines are due to general market drivers, such as the recent rise in interest rates, or due to credit-related factors. Identifying the drivers of the declines in fair value helps to align and allocate the Company s resources to the review and monitoring of securities with real credit-related concerns that could impact ultimate collection of principal and interest. For any significant declines in fair value determined to be non-interest rate or market-related, the Company performs a more focused review of the related issuers' specific credit profile. 
 
 For corporate issuers, the Company evaluates their assets, business profile including industry dynamics and competitive positioning, financial statements and other available financial data. For non-corporate issuers, the Company analyzes all sources of credit support, including issuer-specific factors. The Company utilizes information available in the public domain and, for certain private placement issuers, from consultations with the issuers directly. The Company also considers ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs), as well as the specific characteristics of the security it owns including seniority in the issuer's capital structure, covenant protections, or other relevant features. From these reviews, the Company evaluates the issuers' continued ability to service the Company's investment through payment of interest and principal. 
 19 

Retail Apartments/Multi-Family Industrial Hospitality Other Total transitional real estate loans Commercial mortgage loans: Office Retail Apartments/Multi-Family Industrial Other Total commercial mortgage loans Middle market loans Other loans Total commercial mortgage and other loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total net commercial mortgage and other loans 
 
 CMLs and TREs were secured by properties entirely within the U.S. (with the largest concentrations in California ), Texas and Florida )). MMLs are issued only to companies domiciled within the U.S. and Canada. 
 
 20 

million in outstanding commitments to fund TREs. These commitments are contingent on the final underwriting and due diligence to be performed. 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 
 CMLs are typically fixed rate loans on commercial real estate with partial repayment of principal over the life of the loan with the remaining outstanding principal being repaid upon maturity. This loan portfolio is generally considered higher quality investment grade loans. 
 
 Middle Market Loans 
 
 MMLs are typically first lien senior secured cash flow loans to small to mid-size companies for working capital, refinancing, acquisition, and recapitalization. These loans are generally considered to be below investment grade. The carrying value for MMLs included million and million for a short-term credit facility that is reflected in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had commitments of approximately million to fund future MMLs. These commitments are contingent upon the availability of MMLs that meet the Company's underwriting criteria. 
 
 Other Loans 
 
 Other loans are primarily infrastructure loans. Infrastructure loans are typically senior secured, financing operating portfolios of contracted solar and wind assets generating cash flow for loan repayment. The infrastructure loan portfolio weighted average rating is investment grade. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had commitments of approximately million to fund future other loans. These commitments are contingent upon the availability of other loans that meet the Company's underwriting criteria. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 For TREs, the Company s key credit quality indicators include performance of the loan and loan-to-value (LTV), which is calculated by dividing the current outstanding loan balance by the estimated property value, primarily using values at origination. Given that TREs involve properties undergoing a repositioning of their commercial profile, LTV provides the most insight into the credit risk of the loan. The Company monitors the performance of the loans periodically, but not less frequently than quarterly. The monitoring process also focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are delinquent or for which foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure is anticipated. 
 
 For CMLs, the Company s key credit quality indicators include LTV and debt service coverage ratios (DSCR). DSCR is the most recently available net operating income of the underlying property compared to the required debt service of the loan. 
 
 For MMLs and held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, the Company s key credit quality indicator is credit ratings. The Company s held-to-maturity portfolio is composed of investment grade securities that are senior unsecured instruments, while its MMLs generally have below-investment-grade ratings but are typically senior secured instruments. The Company monitors the credit ratings periodically, but not less frequently than quarterly. 
 
 For other loans, the Company's key credit quality indicator is credit ratings. The Company monitors these credit ratings periodically, but not less frequently than quarterly. 
 
 21 

60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Current-period gross writeoffs: 
 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Weighted Average DSCR Current-period gross writeoffs: 
 BB B CCC CC C and lower Total Current-period gross writeoffs: 
 AA BBB BB Total Current-period gross writeoffs: 
 
 22 

Commercial mortgage loans Middle market loans Other loans Total 
 (1) of loans that were 90 days or more past due that continued to accrue interest. 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Current Less Than 90 Days Past Due 90 Days 
 or More 
 Past Due (1) 
 Total Past Due Total Loans Nonaccrual Status Transitional real estate loans Commercial mortgage loans Middle market loans Other loans Total 
 (1) loans that were 90 days or more past due that continued to accrue interest. 
 
 For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest income for TREs, CMLs, MMLs, or other loans on nonaccrual status. Of these loans, TREs with an amortized cost of million and million had no credit loss allowance as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, because these loans are collateral dependent assets for which the estimated fair values of the collateral were in excess of amortized cost. As of September 30, 2024, MMLs with an amortized cost of million were on nonaccrual status without an allowance for credit losses. As of December 31, 2023, there were MMLs on nonaccrual status without an allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Loan Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulties 
 
 The Company granted certain loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. The types of modifications granted may include interest rate reductions, principal forgiveness, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions or a combination of these types of modifications. The amount, timing, and extent of modifications granted are considered in determining any credit loss allowance recorded. 
 
 Delay in payments of months on average 
 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 23 

Delay in payments of months on average 
 Other-than-insignificant payment delays and interest rate 
 reduction 
 Delay in payments of months on average, and reduction in the weighted-average contractual interest rate from to 
 
 (1) 
 
 Loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, were immaterial. 

The Company closely monitors the performance of the loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. Loans that were granted a modification in the past 12 months, as of September 30, 2024, and subsequently defaulted in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, were immaterial. There were no modified loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties in the past 12 months, as of September 30, 2023, that subsequently defaulted in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of outstanding commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were granted a loan modification. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company calculates its allowance for credit losses for held-to-maturity securities, loan receivables and loan commitments by grouping assets with similar risk characteristics when there is not a specific expectation of a loss for an individual asset. For held-to-maturity securities, MMLs, and MML commitments, the Company groups assets by credit ratings, industry, and country. 
 
 The Company groups CMLs and TREs and respective loan commitments by property type, property location and the property s LTV and DSCR. On a quarterly basis, CMLs and TREs within a portfolio segment that share similar risk characteristics are pooled for calculation of credit loss allowance. On an ongoing basis, TREs, CMLs and other loans with dissimilar risk characteristics (i.e., loans with significant declines in credit quality), such as collateral dependent mortgage loans (i.e., when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, including when foreclosure is probable), are evaluated individually for credit loss. For example, the credit loss allowance for a collateral dependent loan is established as the excess of amortized cost over the estimated fair value of the loan s underlying collateral, less selling cost when foreclosure is probable. Accordingly, the change in the estimated fair value of the collateral dependent loans, which are evaluated individually for credit loss, is recorded as a change in the credit loss allowance as a component of net investment gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 24 

billion amortized cost as of September 30, 2024 that meet the requirements for zero-credit-loss expectation and therefore these asset classes have been excluded from the current expected credit loss measurement. 
 
 An investment in an available-for-sale security may be impaired if the fair value falls below amortized cost. The Company regularly reviews its available-for-sale portfolio for declines in fair value. The Company's available-for-sale impairment model focuses on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from its investments and whether the Company has the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not the Company would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. The determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon the Company's periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. 
 
 When determining the Company's intention to sell a security prior to recovery of its fair value to amortized cost, the Company evaluates facts and circumstances such as, but not limited to, future cash flow needs, decisions to reposition its security portfolio, and risk profile of individual investment holdings. The Company performs ongoing analyses of its liquidity needs, which includes cash flow testing of its policy liabilities, debt maturities, projected dividend payments, and other cash flow and liquidity needs. 
 
 The Company s methodology for estimating credit losses for available-for-sale securities utilizes the discounted cash flow model, based on past events, current market conditions and future economic conditions, as well as industry analysis and credit ratings of the securities. In addition, the Company evaluates the specific issuer s probability of default and expected recovery of its position in the event of default based on the underlying financial condition and assets of the borrower as well as seniority and/or security of other debt holders in the issuer when developing management s best estimate of expected cash flows. 
 
 25 

) ) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses 
 ) ) ) ) ) Writeoffs, net of recoveries Change in foreign exchange Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023: 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) ) Writeoffs, net of recoveries Change in foreign exchange ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024: 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses 
 ) ) ) ) Writeoffs, net of recoveries Change in foreign exchange Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023: 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Writeoffs, net of recoveries Change in foreign exchange Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) recognized on financial assets accounted for as purchased financial assets with credit deterioration that is not recorded in earnings upon recognition . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company identified TREs and CMLs with an amortized cost of million and million, respectively, in anticipation of potential foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure transactions. As of September 30, 2024, the Company established a credit allowance of million related to these loans. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 Short-term investments (1) 
 Limited partnerships (2) 
 Real estate owned Other Total other investments 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 26 

million of REO was classified as held-and-used with the remaining million classified as held-for-sale, which is carried at the lower of depreciated cost or fair value less cost to sell and is not further depreciated once classified as such. Depreciation expense was million and million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and immaterial for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accumulated depreciation was million and an immaterial amount, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had billion in outstanding commitments to fund investments in limited partnerships. 
 
 Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) 
 
 In the normal course of its activities, the Company invests in legal entities that are VIEs. The Company's debt or ownership interest in VIEs is limited to holding the equity interests and obligations issued by them. With the exception of commitments to limited partnerships and to certain loan investments made in the normal course of business, the Company has not provided any direct or contingent obligations to fund the limited activities of these VIEs or support related to the limited activities of these VIE and does not have any intention to do so in the future, nor does it have any direct or indirect financial guarantees. 
 
 The Company's risk of loss related to its interests in any of its VIEs is limited to the carrying value of the related investments, and in certain cases, to any unfunded commitments held in the VIE. 
 
 For those VIEs other than certain unit trust structures, the Company's involvement is passive in nature. 
 
 VIEs - Consolidated 
 
 The Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE if it has 
 
 the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entity 
 and 
 the obligation to absorb losses of or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could be potentially significant to the VIE. 
 
 If the Company determines that it is the VIE s primary beneficiary, it consolidates the VIE. Creditors or beneficial interest holders of VIEs where the Company is the primary beneficiary have no recourse to the general credit of the Company except to the extent of the unfunded commitments referenced above, as the Company s obligation to each VIE is limited to the amount of its committed investment. 
 
 27 

Commercial mortgage and other loans Other investments (1) 
 Other assets (2) 
 Total assets of consolidated VIEs Liabilities: Other liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The Company is the sole investor in the consolidated VIEs listed in the table above. The Company invests in fixed maturity securities issued by VIEs that in turn hold U.S. dollar-denominated fixed maturity securities coupled with foreign currency swap agreements. The weighted-average lives of the Company's investments in these VIEs are very similar to the underlying collateral held by these VIEs. The activities of these VIEs are limited to holding invested assets and foreign currency swaps and utilizing the cash flows from these securities to service the VIEs' debt. Neither the Company nor any of its creditors are able to obtain the underlying collateral of these VIEs unless there is an event of default or other specified event. The Company is not a direct counterparty to the foreign currency swap contracts and has no control over them. The Company's loss exposure to these VIEs is limited to its original investment. These consolidated VIEs do not rely on outside or ongoing sources of funding to support their activities beyond the underlying collateral and foreign currency swap contracts, if applicable. The underlying collateral assets and funding of these consolidated VIEs are generally static in nature. 
 
 The Company also utilizes unit trust structures in its Aflac Japan segment to invest in various asset classes, which include CMLs, MMLs, TREs, other loans and limited partnerships. The limited partnership investments are comprised of private equity and real estate funds. The Company s loss exposure to these VIEs is limited to its original investments, together with any unfunded portion of the Company s commitments made in the normal course of business to fund certain loan investments and limited partnership investments, as described in the Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans and Other Investments sections of this note. Excluding these commitments, the Company does not provide financial or other support to consolidated VIEs. 
 
 VIEs - Not Consolidated 
 Other investments (1) 
 Total investments in VIEs not consolidated 
 (1) 
 
 28 

or more of the fair value of the loaned securities and that unrestricted cash received as collateral be or more of the fair value of the loaned securities. The securities loaned continue to be carried as investment assets on the Company's balance sheet during the terms of the loans and are not reported as sales. For loans involving unrestricted cash or securities as collateral, the collateral is reported as an asset with a corresponding liability for the return of the collateral. For loans where the Company receives as collateral securities that the Company is not permitted to sell or repledge, the collateral is not reflected on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Public utilities Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total borrowings Gross amount of recognized liabilities for securities lending transactions 
 (1) 
 
 In connection with securities lending, in addition to cash collateral received, the Company received from counterparties securities collateral of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which may not be sold or re-pledged, unless the counterparty is in default. Such securities collateral is not reflected on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 29 

have any repurchase agreements or repurchase-to-maturity transactions outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Certain fixed maturity securities can be pledged as collateral as part of derivative transactions, or pledged to support state deposit requirements on certain investment programs. For additional information regarding pledged securities related to derivative transactions, see Note 4. 

4. 

30 

31 

Total cash flow hedges Fair value hedges: Foreign currency options Total fair value hedges Net investment hedge: Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options Total net investment hedge Non-qualifying strategies: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency swaps - VIE Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options Interest rate swaps Total non-qualifying strategies Total derivatives 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 For certain variable-rate U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities held by Aflac Japan via consolidated VIEs, foreign currency swaps are used to swap the U.S. Dollar (USD) variable rate interest and principal payments to fixed rate Japanese Yen (JPY) interest and principal payments. The Company has designated foreign currency swaps as a hedge of the variability in cash flows of a forecasted transaction or of amounts to be received or paid related to a recognized asset cash flow hedge). The remaining maximum length of time for which these cash flows are hedged is approximately . The derivatives in the Company's consolidated VIEs that are not designated as accounting hedges are discussed in the Non-qualifying Strategies section of this note. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 The Company designates and accounts for certain foreign currency forwards, options, and interest rate swaptions as fair value hedges when they meet the requirements for hedge accounting. The Company recognizes gains and losses on these derivatives as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the related hedged items in current earnings. 
 
 Foreign currency forwards and options hedge the foreign currency exposure of certain U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale fixed-maturity investments held in Aflac Japan. The change in the fair value of the foreign currency forwards related to the changes in the difference between the spot rate and the forward price is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The change in fair value of the foreign currency option related to the time value of the option is recognized in current earnings and is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 
 Interest rate swaptions hedge the interest rate exposure of certain U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities held in Aflac Japan. For these hedging relationships, the Company excludes time value from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes changes in the intrinsic value of the swaptions in current earnings within net investment income. The change in the time value of the swaptions is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and amortized into earnings (net investment income) over its legal term. 
 32 

fair value hedges during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Fair Value Hedging Relationships 
 (In millions) Hedging Derivatives Hedged Items Hedging Derivatives Hedged Items Total Gains (Losses) Gains (Losses) Excluded from Effectiveness Testing (1) 
 Gains (Losses) Included in Effectiveness Testing (2) 
 Gains (Losses) (2) 
 Net Investment Gains (Losses) Recognized for Fair Value Hedge Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Foreign currency options Fixed maturity securities ) ) Total gains (losses) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Foreign currency options Fixed maturity securities ) ) Total gains (losses) ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 fair value hedges of interest rate risk as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; therefore, the amounts presented in the table below are related to previous fair value hedges of interest rate risk that were discontinued. 
 (In millions) Carrying Amount of the Hedged 
 Assets/(Liabilities) (1) 
 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of Hedged Assets/(Liabilities) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fixed maturity securities 
 (1) in 2024 and in 2023. 
 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 
 The Company's investment in Aflac Japan is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. To mitigate this exposure, the Parent Company's yen-denominated liabilities (see Note 9) have been designated as non-derivative hedges and certain foreign currency forwards and options have been designated as derivative hedges of the foreign currency exposure of the Company's net investment in Aflac Japan. 
 
 The Company's net investment hedge was effective during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 33 

billion notional amount of cross-currency interest rate swap agreements related to certain of its U.S. dollar-denominated senior notes to effectively convert a portion of the interest on the notes from U.S. dollar to Japanese yen. Changes in the values of these swaps are recorded in current period earnings. 
 
 The Company uses foreign currency forwards and options to economically mitigate the currency risk of some of its U.S. dollar-denominated loan receivables and U.S. government fixed maturity securities held within the Aflac Japan segment. These arrangements are not designated as accounting hedges, as the foreign currency remeasurement of the loan receivables impacts current period earnings, and substantially offsets gains and losses from foreign currency forwards within net investment gains (losses). The Company also has certain foreign currency forwards on U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale securities where hedge accounting is not being applied. 
 
 The Company uses interest rate swaps to economically convert the variable rate investment income to a fixed rate on certain variable-rate investments. 
 
 34 

) ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) (3) 
 ) ) (3) 
 Fair value hedges: Foreign currency options ) Total fair value hedges ) Net investment hedge: Non-derivative hedging instruments ) Foreign currency forwards ) Total net investment hedge ) Non-qualifying strategies: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency swaps - VIE ) Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options ) Interest rate swaps ) Total non-qualifying strategies ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 1) Interest expense/income on cash flow hedges are recorded in net investment income. For interest rate swaptions classified as fair value hedges, the change in the time value of the swaptions is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and amortized into net investment income over its legal term. If the swaption is early terminated but the hedge item is still outstanding, the amortization of disposal amount of the swaptions is recorded in net investment income over the remaining life of the hedged items. 
 (2) Gains and losses on cash flow hedges and the change in the fair value of interest rate swaptions related to the time value of the swaptions in fair value hedges are recorded as unrealized gains (losses). Gains and losses on net investment hedges related to changes in foreign currency spot rates are recorded in the unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) line in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 (3) of losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, and of losses during the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 35 

) ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) (3) 
 ) ) (3) 
 Fair value hedges: Foreign currency options ) Interest rate swaptions (4) 
 ) Total fair value hedges ) ) Net investment hedge: Non-derivative hedging instruments ) Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options ) Total net investment hedge Non-qualifying strategies: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency swaps - VIE ) ) Foreign currency forwards ) Foreign currency options ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Forward bond purchase commitment - VIE ) Total non-qualifying strategies ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) of losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, and of losses during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 (4) of losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, and of losses during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, related to fair value hedges excluded component. Impact shown net of effect of hedged items (see Fair Value Hedges section of this Note 4 for further detail). 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of deferred losses on derivative instruments recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months. 
 
 Credit Risk Assumed through Derivatives 
 
 For the foreign currency swaps associated with the Company's VIE investments for which it is the primary beneficiary, the Company bears the risk of loss due to counterparty default even though it is not a direct counterparty to those contracts. 
 
 The Company is a direct counterparty to the foreign currency swaps that it has entered into in connection with certain of its senior notes and subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards; and foreign currency options, and therefore the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties in those contracts. The risk of counterparty default for the Company's foreign currency swaps, certain foreign currency forwards, and foreign currency options is mitigated by collateral posting requirements that counterparties to those transactions must meet. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, all of the Company's derivative agreement counterparties were investment grade. 
 
 36 

million and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. If the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had been triggered on September 30, 2024, the Company estimates that it would be required to post a maximum of million of additional collateral to these derivative counterparties. The Company is generally allowed to sell or repledge collateral obtained from its derivative counterparties, although it does not typically exercise such rights. See the Offsetting tables below for collateral posted or received as of the reported balance sheet dates. 
 
 Offsetting of Financial Instruments and Derivatives 
 
 Most of the Company's derivative instruments are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that provide for the net settlement of all derivative contracts between the Parent Company or its subsidiaries and the respective counterparty in the event of default or upon the occurrence of certain termination events. Collateral support agreements with the master netting arrangements generally provide that the Company will receive or pledge financial collateral at the first dollar of exposure. 
 
 The Company has securities lending agreements with unaffiliated financial institutions that post collateral to the Company in return for the use of its fixed maturity and public equity securities (see Note 3). When the Company has entered into securities lending agreements with the same counterparty, the agreements generally provide for net settlement in the event of default by the counterparty. This right of set-off allows the Company to keep and apply collateral received if the counterparty failed to return the securities borrowed from the Company as contractually agreed. 
 
 The tables below summarize the Company's derivatives and securities lending transactions, and as reflected in the tables, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company's policy is to not offset these financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets. 

37 

) ) ) OTC - cleared ) Total derivative assets subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement ) ) ) Derivative 
 assets not subject 
 to a master netting 
 agreement or 
 offsetting 
 arrangement 
 OTC - bilateral Total derivative assets not subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement Total derivative assets ) ) ) Securities lending and similar arrangements ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 38 

) ) ) OTC - cleared ) Total derivative assets subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement ) ) ) Derivative 
 assets not subject 
 to a master netting 
 agreement or 
 offsetting 
 arrangement 
 OTC - bilateral Total derivative assets not subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement Total derivative assets ) ) ) Securities lending and similar arrangements ) Total ) ) ) 
 39 

) ) OTC - cleared ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement ) ) ) Derivative 
 liabilities not 
 subject to a 
 master netting 
 agreement or 
 offsetting 
 arrangement 
 OTC - bilateral Total derivative liabilities not subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) Securities lending and similar arrangements ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 40 

) ) ) OTC - cleared ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement ) ) ) Derivative 
 liabilities not 
 subject to a 
 master netting 
 agreement or 
 offsetting 
 arrangement 
 OTC - bilateral Total derivative liabilities not subject to a master netting agreement or offsetting arrangement Total derivative liabilities ) ) ) Securities lending and similar arrangements ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 For additional information on the Company's financial instruments, see the accompanying Notes 3 and 5 and Notes 1, 3 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 

5. 

41 

Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options Interest rate swaps Total other assets Total assets Liabilities: Other liabilities: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options Interest rate swaps Total liabilities 
 42 

Municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions Other corporate Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency forwards Foreign currency options Interest rate swaps Total other assets Total assets Liabilities: Other liabilities: Foreign currency swaps Foreign currency forwards Interest rate swaps Total liabilities 

43 

Municipalities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Other corporate Commercial mortgage and other loans Other investments (1) 
 Total assets Liabilities: Other policyholders funds Notes payable (excluding leases) Total liabilities 
 (1) , equity method investments of , and REO of , at carrying valu e. 
 
 44 

Municipalities Public utilities Sovereign and supranational Other corporate Commercial mortgage and other loans Other investments (1) 
 Total assets Liabilities: Other policyholders funds Notes payable (excluding leases) Total liabilities 
 (1) , equity method investments of , and REO of , at carrying value. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Fixed maturity and equity securities 
 
 The fair values of the Company s public fixed maturity securities are generally based on prices provided by third-party pricing vendors. The Company utilizes internally generated valuations or broker quotes for privately issued fixed maturity securities or fixed maturity securities where there is no price available from a third-party pricing vendor. 
 
 The fair values of the Company's public equity securities are generally based on price quotes, including quoted market prices readily available from independent public exchange markets or established security dealer associations. The Company determines the fair values of privately issued equity securities using the following approaches or techniques: price quotes and valuations from third-party pricing vendors, in-house valuations and non-binding price quotes the Company obtains from outside brokers. 
 
 The pricing data and market quotes the Company obtains from outside sources, including third-party pricing services, are reviewed internally for reasonableness. If a fair value appears unreasonable, the Company will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the provider. Additionally, the Company may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. Based on management's analysis, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. The Company has performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models, including independent validations and back testing, to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value. For the periods presented, the Company has not adjusted the quotes or prices it obtains from the pricing services and brokers it uses. 
 
 For internally generated valuations, the Company utilizes valuation models developed by a third-party pricing vendor. The models and associated processes and controls are executed by Company personnel. 

45 

46 

Internal Total government and agencies Municipalities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Total municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total public utilities Sovereign and supranational: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total banks/financial institutions Other corporate: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total other corporate Total securities available-for-sale Equity securities, carried at fair value: Third-party pricing vendor Broker/other Total equity securities 
 
 47 

Total government and agencies Municipalities: Third-party pricing vendor Total municipalities Public utilities: Third-party pricing vendor Total public utilities Sovereign and supranational: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Total sovereign and supranational Other corporate: Third-party pricing vendor Total other corporate Total securities held-to-maturity 

48 

Internal Broker/other Total government and agencies Municipalities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total municipalities Mortgage- and asset-backed securities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total mortgage- and asset-backed securities Public utilities: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total public utilities Sovereign and supranational: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total sovereign and supranational Banks/financial institutions: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total banks/financial institutions Other corporate: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total other corporate Total securities available-for-sale Equity securities, carried at fair value: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Broker/other Total equity securities 
 49 

Total government and agencies Municipalities: Third-party pricing vendor Total municipalities Public utilities: Third-party pricing vendor Total public utilities Sovereign and supranational: Third-party pricing vendor Internal Total sovereign and supranational Other corporate: Third-party pricing vendor Total other corporate Total securities held-to-maturity 
 
 The following is a discussion of the determination of fair value of the Company's remaining financial instruments. 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 The Company uses derivative instruments to manage the risk associated with certain assets. However, the derivative instrument may not be classified in the same fair value hierarchy level as the associated asset. The significant inputs to pricing derivatives are generally observable in the market or can be derived by observable market data. When these inputs are observable, the derivatives are classified as Level 2. 
 
 The Company uses present value techniques to value non-option based derivatives. It also uses option pricing models to value option based derivatives. Key inputs are as follows: 
 Instrument Type Level 2 Interest rate derivatives Swap yield curves 
 Basis curves 
 Interest rate volatility (1) 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives - Non-VIEs (forwards, swaps and options) Foreign currency forward rates 
 Swap yield curves 
 Basis curves 
 Foreign currency spot rates 
 Foreign cross-currency basis curves 
 Foreign currency volatility (1) 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives - VIEs (swaps) Foreign currency spot rates 
 Swap yield curves 
 Credit default swap curves 
 Basis curves 
 Recovery rates 
 Foreign currency forward rates 
 Foreign cross-currency basis curves 
 
 (1) Option-based only 
 
 50 

51 

Net investment gains (losses) included in earnings Unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: Purchases Issuances Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at the end of the period included in earnings 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities (In millions) Mortgage- and Asset- Backed Securities Public Utilities Sovereign and Supranational Banks/ Financial Institutions Other Corporate Total Balance, beginning of period Net investment gains (losses) included in earnings ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at the end of the period included in earnings ) ) 
 52 

Net investment gains (losses) included in earnings ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: Purchases Issuances Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at the end of the period included in earnings 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Fixed Maturity Securities Equity Securities (In millions) Mortgage- and Asset- Backed Securities Public Utilities Sovereign and Supranational Banks/ Financial Institutions Other Corporate Total Balance, beginning of period Net investment gains (losses) included in earnings ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases, issuances, sales and settlements: Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at the end of the period included in earnings ) ) 
 53 

Consensus pricing Offered quotes - (a) 
 Public utilities Discounted cash flow Credit spreads bps - bps (c) 
 bps Sovereign and supranational Consensus pricing Offered quotes N/A (b) 
 N/A Banks/financial institutions Adjusted cost Private financials N/A (d) 
 N/A Other corporate Discounted cash flow Credit spreads bps - bps (c) 
 bps Equity securities Adjusted cost Private financials N/A (d) 
 N/A Total assets 
 (a) 
 (b) Category represents a single security; range not applicable. 
 (c) 
 (d) Prices do not utilize credit spreads; therefore, range is not applicable. 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Unobservable Input Range Weighted Average Assets: Securities available-for-sale, carried at fair value: Fixed maturity securities: Mortgage- and asset-backed securities Consensus pricing Offered quotes - (a) 
 Public utilities Consensus pricing Offered quotes - (a) 
 Sovereign and supranational Consensus pricing Offered quotes N/A (b) 
 N/A Banks/financial institutions Discounted cash flow Credit spreads N/A (b) 
 N/A Other corporate Discounted cash flow Credit spreads bps - bps (c) 
 bps Equity securities Adjusted cost Private financials N/A (d) 
 N/A Total assets 
 (a) Represents prices for securities where the Company receives unadjusted broker quotes and for which there is no transparency into the providers' valuation techniques. 
 (b) Category represents a single security; range not applicable. 
 (c) Actual or equivalent credit spreads in basis points. 
 (d) Prices do not utilize credit spreads; therefore, range is not applicable. 
 54 

6. 

55 

Capitalization ) Amortization expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 December 31, 2023 Aflac Japan Aflac U.S. (In millions) Cancer Medical and Other Health Life Insurance Other Accident Disability Critical Care Hospital Indemnity Dental/Vision Life Insurance Other Total Deferred policy acquisition costs: Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Capitalization Amortization expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 

The Company uses the following constant level bases to amortize deferred policy acquisition costs: 
 Policy Type Constant-level Basis Life Products (U.S.) Face Amount Health Products (U.S.) Number of Policies in Force Health Life Products (Japan) Units in Force 
 
 Face amount is the stated dollar amount that the policy s beneficiaries receive upon the death of the insured. For life and health products issued in Japan, the constant-level basis used is units in force, which is a proxy for face amount and insurance in force, respectively. Future DAC amortization is impacted by persistency. 
 
 There were no changes to the inputs, judgments or methods used to determine amortization amounts during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company updated the assumptions used to determine amortization using the same assumptions as those used for measuring the liability for future policy benefits during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company recognizes the effects of changes in assumptions prospectively over the remaining contract term as a revision of the future amortization pattern. For additional information on deferred policy acquisition costs, see Notes 1 and 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 56 

7. 

57 

Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Adjusted beginning of period balance Issuances Interest accrual Net premiums collected (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Present value of expected future policy benefits: Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Adjusted beginning of period balance Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Other Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Net liability for future policy benefits Less: reinsurance recoverable Net liability for future policy benefits after reinsurance recoverable (1) 
 58 

Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Adjusted beginning of period balance Issuances Interest accrual Net premiums collected (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Present value of expected future policy benefits: Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Adjusted beginning of period balance Issuances Interest accrual Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Other Ending balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 
 Net liability for future policy benefits Less: reinsurance recoverable Net liability for future policy benefits after reinsurance recoverable (1) Net premiums collected represent the portion of gross premiums collected from policyholders that is used to fund expected future benefit payments. 

59 

Weighted-average interest, current discount rate (1) 
 Weighted-average liability duration (years) 
 (1) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Aflac Japan Aflac U.S. Cancer Medical and Other Health Life Insurance Other Accident Disability Critical Care Hospital Indemnity Dental/Vision Life Insurance Other Weighted-average interest, original discount rate (1) 
 Weighted-average interest, current discount rate (1) 
 Weighted-average liability duration (years) 
 (1) The weighted-average interest rates are calculated using the reserve balances as the weights. No adjustments were made to observable market information. 
 60 

Medical and other health Life insurance Other Aflac U.S. Accident Disability Critical care Hospital indemnity Dental/vision Life insurance Other Corporate and other Deferred profit liability Deferred reinsurance gain liability Intercompany eliminations (1) 
 ) ) Total 
 (1) 
 
 Discount rates are determined using upper-medium grade (low-credit-risk) fixed-income instrument yields that reflect the duration characteristics of the liability. Locked-in discount rates are determined separately for each issue-year cohort as a single discount rate, calculated as the weighted-average of monthly upper-medium grade (low-credit-risk) fixed-income instrument forward curves in the calendar year, where the weights are the annualized premiums issued for each month of the cohort. The single discount rate for each issue-year cohort is determined by solving for a rate that produces an equivalent NPR to the forward curve and will remain unchanged after the calendar year of issue. 
 
 Discount rates are updated each reporting period and require estimation techniques (e.g., interpolation, extrapolation) for determination of points on the curve for which there is limited or no observable market data. The Company constructs a current discount rate curve separately for discounting cash flows used to calculate each of the Japan and U.S. liabilities for future policy benefits, reflective of the characteristics of the corresponding insurance liabilities, such as currency and tenor. 
 
 In the Aflac Japan segment, all long-duration insurance policies are denominated in yen. A significant portion of policies are characterized by tenors exceeding the availability of liquid market data in Japan for single-A rated (as a proxy for upper-medium grade) corporate yen-denominated debt. The discount rate curve is designed to prioritize the observable inputs where available, while past the last liquid point, the data is derived based on estimation techniques consistent with the fair value guidance in ASC 820. The Aflac Japan segment curve utilizes liquid market indices tracking publicly traded yen-denominated single-A corporate debt for the initial 10-year tenor. For the bonds within these market indices where only local ratings are available, the Company prioritizes the bonds with local ratings that are equivalent to a single-A rating based on international rating standards. 
 
 For the discount rates applicable to tenors for which the Japan single-A debt market is not liquid but there is sufficient observable market data and/or the observable market data is available for similar instruments (between 10 and 30 years), the Company estimates tenor-specific single-A credit spreads and applies them to risk-free government rates. Lastly, for the tenors where there is limited or no observable single-A or similar market data or risk-free government rates (beyond 30 
 61 

billion and billion in other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax, respectively, due to changes in the future policy benefits estimate from updating the discount rate assumptions. For the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized billion and billion in other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax, respectively, due to changes in the future policy benefits estimate from updating the discount rate assumptions. There were no changes to the methods used to determine the discount rates during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized ) million in other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax, due to changes in the future policy benefits estimate from updating the discount rate assumptions. There were no changes to the methods used to determine the discount rates during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Mortality rate assumptions are based on industry tables and adjusted for the Company's actual or expected experience where credible or appropriate. These assumptions typically vary by age, gender, and other demographic characteristics such as smoking status. 
 
 Morbidity assumptions are based on the Company's internal data and consider emerging experience. These assumptions are reflective of the coverage and benefits provided and generally vary by age, gender, duration, and any other material policyholder characteristics. In cases where a calendar-year trend is significant, future cash flow projections may include a trend adjustment. 
 
 In Japan, separate lapse assumptions are set based on actual or expected experience. These lapse and total termination rate assumptions vary by line of business and with policyholder characteristics such as duration. In the U.S., the majority of the future cash flows are modeled using total termination rates (which include both lapse and mortality) and are adjusted for actual experience. Policy provisions, such as reaching premium paid-up status, are taken into account when setting assumptions. 
 
 For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the variance of actual experience from expected experience was primarily due to favorable variances in morbidity assumptions as compared to actual experience. There were no changes to the inputs, judgments or methods used in measuring the liability for future policy benefits during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 The Company performs an annual review of its assumptions during the third quarter. In 2024, the Company's annual assumption review process resulted in favorable changes largely due to recent favorable Japan morbidity experience. In 2023, the Company's annual assumption review process resulted in favorable changes to its morbidity and termination assumptions, largely due to reflecting more recent favorable U.S. morbidity experience. 
 62 

Medical and other health Life insurance Other Aflac U.S. Accident Disability Critical care Hospital indemnity Dental/vision Life insurance Other Corporate and other Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) ) Total 
 
 Medical and other health Life insurance Other Aflac U.S. Accident Disability Critical care Hospital indemnity Dental/vision Life insurance Other Total 
 
 63 

Medical and other health Life insurance Other Aflac U.S. Accident Disability Critical care Hospital indemnity Dental/vision Life insurance Other Total 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Gross Premiums Benefits and Expenses Gross Premiums Benefits and Expenses Discounted expected future gross premiums 
 and expected future policy benefits and 
 expenses: 
 Aflac Japan Cancer Medical and other health Life insurance Other Aflac U.S. Accident Disability Critical care Hospital indemnity Dental/vision Life insurance Other Total 
 
 64 

Premiums received Transfers from WAYS conversions Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) Benefit payments ) ) Interest credited Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Fixed annuities account balance, end of period Other deposit type reserves Total 
 (1) 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 (1) Aflac Japan fixed annuities 
 (2) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Aflac Japan s fixed annuities have guaranteed fixed crediting rates which results in the policyholders' funds balances being able to cover all guaranteed benefit amounts. The reserves are adequate to fully fund future benefits at any given time. 
 
 For additional information on policy liabilities, see Notes 1 and 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 

8. 

65 

Ceded to other companies: Ceded Aflac Japan closed blocks ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Assumed from other companies: Retrocession activities Other Net earned premiums Direct benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement Ceded benefits and change in reserves for future benefits: Ceded Aflac Japan closed blocks ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Assumed from other companies: Retrocession activities Other ) Benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement Direct reserve remeasurement (gains) losses ) ) ) ) Ceded reserve remeasurement gains (losses) ) Reserve remeasurement (gains) losses ) ) ) ) Total benefits and claims, net 
 
 The Company has recorded a deferred reinsurance gain liability related to reinsurance transactions which represents ceded reserves in excess of consideration paid, or consideration received in excess of assumed reserves. The remaining consolidated deferred reinsurance gain liability of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, is included in future policy benefits in the consolidated balance sheets and is being amortized into income over the expected lives of the policies. 
 
 The Company has also recorded a reinsurance recoverable for reinsurance transactions. The reinsurance recoverable, which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, is reported net of allowance for credit losses and had a remaining balance of million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses related to the Company's reinsurance recoverable balance was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The credit allowance for the reinsurance recoverable balance is estimated using a PD / LGD method and the key credit quality indicator is the credit rating of the Company s reinsurance counterparty. The Company uses external credit ratings focused on the reinsurer s financial strength and credit worthiness. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's reinsurance counterparties were rated A+. The Company monitors the credit ratings periodically, but not less frequently than quarterly. 
 
 These reinsurance transactions are indemnity reinsurance that do not relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. In the event that the reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations, the Company remains liable for the reinsured claims. 
 
 Internal Reinsurance Transactions 
 
 Aflac Re is a Bermuda domiciled insurer that reinsures certain policies issued by ALIJ. The inter-segment amounts associated with these internal reinsurance transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 
 66 

9. 
 senior sustainability notes due March 2026 
 senior notes due October 2026 
 senior notes due April 2030 
 senior notes due December 2039 
 senior notes due August 2040 
 senior notes due October 2046 
 senior notes due January 2049 
 Yen-denominated senior notes and subordinated debentures: senior notes due September 2025 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due January 2027 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2029 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due September 2029 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due December 2029 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2030 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due October 2030 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2031 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due April 2031 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due December 2031 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2032 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due December 2032 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due April 2033 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due October 2033 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2034 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2034 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due December 2034 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2035 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2036 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due April 2036 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due September 2037 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due October 2038 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2039 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due December 2039 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due April 2041 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2044 (principal amount billion) 
 subordinated debentures due October 2047 (principal amount billion) 
 subordinated bonds paid April 2024 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due April 2051 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due September 2052 (principal amount billion) 
 subordinated bonds due December 2053 (principal amount billion) 
 senior notes due March 2054 (principal amount billion) 
 Yen-denominated loans: Variable interest rate loan due August 2027 in 2024 and in 2023, 
 principal amount billion) 
 Variable interest rate loan due August 2029 in 2024 and in 2023, 
 principal amount billion) 
 Variable interest rate loan due August 2032 in 2024 and in 2023, 
 principal amount billion) 
 Finance lease obligations payable through 2030 Operating lease obligations payable through 2049 Total notes payable and lease obligations 
 Amounts in the table above are reported net of debt issuance costs and issuance premiums or discounts, if applicable, that are being amortized over the life of the notes. 
 
 67 

billion of its subordinated bonds due April 2049. 
 
 In March 2024, the Parent Company issued series of senior notes totaling billion through a private placement. The first series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2034. The second series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2036. The third series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2039. The fourth series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2044. The fifth series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2054. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company's option (i) in whole at any time or (ii) in part from time to time in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the notes to be redeemed. 
 
 In March 2024, the Parent Company issued series of senior notes totaling billion through a public debt offering under its U.S. shelf registration statement. The first series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2029. The second series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2031. The third series, which totaled billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2034. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company s option at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting U.S. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. In addition, the notes maturing in March 2029, March 2031 and March 2034 are redeemable at the Parent Company's option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after December 21, 2028, December 31, 2030 and September 21, 2033, respectively, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the applicable series to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 Interest expense related to the Company's notes payable, which is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, was million and million for the three-month periods and million and million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 68 

days December 6, 2024 million 
 million 
 Up to 3 months None General corporate purposes Aflac Incorporated unsecured revolving years May 9, 2027, or the date commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default billion 
 billion 
 No later than May 10, 2027 to , depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination 
 General corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company Aflac Incorporated and Aflac unsecured revolving years November 15, 2027, or the date commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default billion 
 billion 
 No later than November 15, 2027 to 
 , depending on the Parent Company's debt ratings as of the date of determination 
 General corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the Parent Company Aflac Incorporated and Aflac uncommitted bilateral None specified None specified million 
 million 
 Up to 3 months None General corporate purposes Aflac (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Incorporated (1) 
 (Tranche 1) 
 uncommitted revolving days November 25, 2024 billion 
 billion 
 No later than November 26, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Incorporated (1) 
 (Tranche 2) 
 uncommitted revolving days November 25, 2024 billion 
 billion 
 No later than November 26, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac New York (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes CAIC (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes 
 (1) Intercompany credit agreement 
 (continued) 
 69 

days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac GI Holdings LLC (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Incorporated (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Re (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Asset Management LLC (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes Aflac Global Ventures LLC (1) 
 uncommitted revolving days December 2, 2024 million 
 million 
 No later than December 3, 2024 None General corporate purposes 
 (1) Intercompany credit agreement 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at September 30, 2024. events of default or defaults occurred during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For additional information, see Notes 4 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 70 

10. 
 
 Exercise of stock options and issuance of restricted shares Balance, end of period Treasury stock: Balance, beginning of period Purchases of treasury stock: Share repurchase program Other Dispositions of treasury stock: Shares issued to AFL Stock Plan ) ) Exercise of stock options ) ) Other ) ) Balance, end of period Shares outstanding, end of period 
 
 Outstanding share-based awards are excluded from the calculation of weighted-average shares used in the computation of basic earnings per share (EPS). 

Share Repurchase Program 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for billion as part of its share repurchase program. During the first nine months of 2023, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for billion as part of its share repurchase program. As of September 30, 2024, a remaining balance of million shares of the Company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. 
 
 71 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) 
 All amounts in the table above are net of tax. 
 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 (In millions) Unrealized Foreign Currency Translation Gains (Losses) Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Fixed Maturity Securities Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Effect of Changes in Discount Rate Assumptions Pension Liability Adjustment Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) All amounts in the table above are net of tax. 
 72 

) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) All amounts in the table above are net of tax. 
 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 (In millions) Unrealized Foreign Currency Translation Gains (Losses) Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Fixed Maturity Securities Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Effect of Changes in Discount Rate Assumptions Pension Liability Adjustment Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 All amounts in the table above are net of tax. 
 
 73 

Net investment gains (losses) ) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Net investment gains (losses) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Actuarial gains (losses) Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Prior service (cost) credit Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net of tax 
 (1) Based on tax rate 
 (2) These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 12 for additional details). 
 (In millions) Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Affected Line Item in the Statements of Earnings Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net investment gains (losses) ) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Net investment gains (losses) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Actuarial gains (losses) Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Prior service (cost) credit Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net of tax 
 (1) Based on tax rate 
 (2) These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 12 for additional details). 
 74 

Net investment gains (losses) ) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Net investment gains (losses) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Actuarial gains (losses) Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Prior service (cost) credit Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net of tax 
 (1) tax rate 
 (2) 
 
 (In millions) Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Affected Line Item in the Statements of Earnings Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net investment gains (losses) ) Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 Net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) Net investment gains (losses) ) Net investment income ) Total before tax Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Actuarial gains (losses) ) Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Prior service (cost) credit Acquisition and operating expenses (2) 
 Tax (expense) or benefit (1) 
 ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net of tax 
 (1) Based on tax rate 
 (2) These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 12 for additional details). 
 
 75 

11. 
 
 million shares including million shares that may be awarded in respect of awards other than options or stock appreciation rights. If any awards granted under the Plan are forfeited or are terminated before being exercised or settled for any reason other than tax forfeiture, then the shares underlying the awards will again be available under the Plan. 
 
 The Plan allows awards to Company employees for incentive stock options (ISOs), non-qualifying stock options (NQSOs), restricted stock, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights. Non-employee directors are eligible for grants of NQSOs, restricted stock, and stock appreciation rights. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million shares were available for future grants under this plan. The ISOs and NQSOs have a term of years, and the share-based awards generally vest upon time-based conditions or time and performance-based conditions. Time-based vesting generally occurs after . Performance-based vesting conditions generally include the attainment of goals related to Company financial performance. As of September 30, 2024, the only performance-based awards issued and outstanding were restricted stock awards and units. 
 
 Stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the amended Plan have an exercise price of at least the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date and have an expiration date no later than years from the grant date. Time-based restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and stock options generally vest on a ratable basis over . The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has the discretion to determine vesting schedules. 
 
 Share-based awards granted to U.S.-based grantees are settled with authorized but unissued Company stock, while those issued to Japan-based grantees are settled with treasury shares. 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 The Company received cash from the exercise of stock options in the amount of million and million during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The tax benefit realized as a result of stock option exercises and restricted stock releases was million in the first nine months of 2024, compared with million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total compensation cost not yet recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements related to restricted stock awards and units was million, of which million million shares) was related to restricted stock awards and units with a performance-based vesting condition. The Company expects to recognize these amounts over a weighted-average period of approximately years. There are no other contractual terms covering restricted stock awards once vested. 
 
 Granted in 2024 
 Canceled in 2024 
 ) Vested in 2024 
 ) Restricted stock at September 30, 2024 
 
 76 

thousand performance-based stock awards and units, which are contingent on the achievement of the Company's financial performance metrics and its market-based conditions. On the date of grant, the Company estimated the fair value of restricted stock awards and units with market-based conditions using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The model discounts the value of the stock at the assumed vesting date based on the risk-free interest rate. Based on estimates of actual performance versus the vesting thresholds, the calculated fair value percentage payout estimate will be updated each quarter. 
 
 The Company uses third-party analyses to assist in developing the assumptions used in, as well as calibrating, a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company is responsible for determining the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of its share-based payment awards. 
 
 For additional information on the Company's long-term share-based compensation plans and the types of share-based awards, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Annual Report. 

12. 
 
 million in the second quarter of 2023. As part of the U.S. plan freeze, the Company offered lump sum payments to certain participants. The lump sum payments are expected to be distributed in November 2024, and the Company expects to recognize an immaterial settlement charge in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to the payments being greater than the settlement threshold. U.S. employees, including those that participated in the U.S. plan prior to the freeze, currently receive a nonelective 401(k) employer contribution. 
 
 The Company also maintains non-qualified, unfunded supplemental retirement plans that provide defined pension benefits in excess of limits imposed by federal tax law for certain Japanese, U.S. and former employees. However, future benefits under the Company's Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and Retirement Plan for Senior Officers were frozen effective January 1, 2024, provided that actively employed participants may continue to accrue service toward eligibility for early retirement benefits or delayed early retirement benefits. 
 
 The Company provides certain health care benefits for eligible U.S. retired employees, their beneficiaries and covered dependents (other postretirement benefits). The health care plan is contributory and unfunded. Effective January 1, 2014, employees eligible for benefits included the following: (1) active employees whose age plus service, in years, equaled or exceeded (rule of ); (2) active employees who were age or older and have met the years of service requirement; (3) active employees who would meet the rule of in the next ; (4) active employees who were age or older and who would meet the years of service requirement within the next ; and (5) current retirees. For certain employees and former employees, additional coverage is provided for all medical expenses for life. 
 
 million and million for the three-month periods and million and ) million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total net periodic benefit cost includes the following components: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Pension Benefits Other Japan U.S. Postretirement Benefits (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of net periodic benefit cost: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss Curtailment (gain) loss Net periodic benefit cost (credit) 
 
 77 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss ) Curtailment (gain) loss ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan contributed approximately million (using the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024) to the Japanese funded defined benefit plan, and Aflac U.S. did make a contribution to the U.S. funded defined benefit plan. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Company's Japanese and U.S. benefit plans, see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 

13. 
 
 with an aggregate remaining cost of million. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company renewed an outsourcing agreement with a technology and consulting company that provides for mainframe computer operations, distributed mid-range server computer operations, and related support for Aflac Japan. As of September 30, 2024, the agreement has a remaining term of with an aggregate remaining cost of billion million using the September 30, 2024 exchange rate). 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an outsourcing agreement with a management consulting and technology services company to provide policy administration services for Aflac Japan. As of September 30, 2024, the agreement has a remaining term of with an aggregate remaining cost of billion million using the September 30, 2024 exchange rate). 
 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits and receives various regulatory inquiries considered to be in the normal course of business. Members of the Company's senior legal and financial management teams review litigation and regulatory inquiries on a quarterly and annual basis. The final results of any litigation or regulatory inquiries cannot be predicted with certainty. Although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the Company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 See Note 3 for details on certain investment commitments. 
 
 Guaranty Fund Assessments 
 
 The U.S. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that is monitored and regulated by state insurance departments. These life and health insurance guaranty associations are state entities (in all 50 states as well as Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia) created to protect policyholders of an insolvent insurance company. All insurance companies (with limited exceptions) licensed to sell life or health insurance in a state must be members of that state s guaranty association. Under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. 
 
 Guaranty fund assessments for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were immaterial. 
 78 

14. 
 
 of the liabilities associated with certain cancer insurance policies and riders to Aflac Re. The Company intends to execute this transaction in the fourth quarter of 2024. This transaction is expected to transfer approximately billion of reserves associated with these policies and is expected to also include the transfer of assets by ALIJ to Aflac Re to support these reserves. This internal reinsurance transaction will have no financial statement impact on a consolidated basis, except for the effect of foreign currency accounting. 
 
 79 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively with the Parent Company, the Company) desire to take advantage of these provisions. This report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by Company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements containing words such as the ones listed below or similar words, as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. The Company undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements. 
 expect anticipate believe goal objective may should estimate intends projects will assumes potential target outlook 
 The Company cautions readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements: 
 difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including inflation 
 defaults and credit downgrades of investments 
 global fluctuations in interest rates and exposure to significant interest rate risk 
 concentration of business in Japan 
 limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments 
 foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate 
 differing interpretations applied to investment valuations 
 significant valuation judgments in determination of expected credit losses recorded on the Company's investments 
 decreases in the Company's financial strength or debt ratings 
 decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions 
 the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, employees, and distribution partners 
 deviations in actual experience from pricing and reserving assumptions 
 ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems and on successful execution of revenue growth and expense management initiatives 
 interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems 
 subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to the Parent Company 
 inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures 
 operational risks of third-party vendors 
 tax rates applicable to the Company may change 
 failure to comply with restrictions on policyholder privacy and information security 
 extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities 
 competitive environment and ability to anticipate and respond to market trends 
 catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, as a result of climate change, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, major public health issues, terrorism or other acts of violence, and damage incidental to such events 
 ability to protect the Aflac brand and the Company's reputation 
 ability to effectively manage key executive succession 
 changes in accounting standards 
 level and outcome of litigation or regulatory inquiries 
 allegations or determinations of worker misclassification in the United States 
 80 

MD A OVERVIEW 
 MD A is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of Aflac Incorporated and its subsidiaries for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. As a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes that are included in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (2023 Annual Report). In this MD A, amounts may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 This MD A is divided into the following sections: 
 Page Executive Summary 
 82 
 Results of Operations 
 83 
 Investments 
 103 
 Hedging Activities 
 108 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 111 
 Policy Liabilities 
 112 
 Benefit Plans 
 112 
 Policyholder Protection 
 112 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 113 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 118 

81 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 Company Overview 
 Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) provide financial protection to millions of policyholders and customers in Japan and the United States (U.S.). The Company s principal business is supplemental health and life insurance products with the goal to provide customers the best value in supplemental insurance products in Japan and the U.S. The Company's insurance business consists of two reporting segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. The Parent Company s primary insurance subsidiaries are Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd. in Japan (Aflac Japan) and American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac); Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC), branded as Aflac Group Insurance (AGI); American Family Life Assurance Company of New York (Aflac New York); Tier One Insurance Company (TOIC) and Aflac Benefits Solutions, Inc. (ABS), which provides a platform for Aflac Dental and Vision in the U.S. (collectively, Aflac U.S.). The Parent Company, other operating business units that are not individually reportable, reinsurance activities, including internal reinsurance activity with Aflac Re Bermuda Ltd. (Aflac Re), and other business activities not included in Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S., as well as intercompany eliminations, are included in Corporate and other. 
 Performance Highlights 
 Total revenues were 2.9 billion in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 5.0 billion in the third quarter of 2023. Net earnings were (93) million, or (.17) per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 1.6 billion, or 2.64 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to increased foreign exchange-related losses from the yen strengthening by 12.9 during the quarter. 
 Total revenues were 13.5 billion in the first nine months of 2024, compared with 14.9 billion in the first nine months of 2023. Net earnings were 3.5 billion, or 6.23 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2024, compared with 4.4 billion, or 7.28 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Results in the third quarter of 2024 included pretax net investment losses of 1.4 billion, compared with pretax net investment gains of 423 million in the third quarter of 2023. Net investment losses in the third quarter of 2024 included an increase in credit loss allowances of 141 million; 1.4 billion of net losses from certain derivative and foreign currency gains or losses; 13 million of net gains on equity securities; and 105 million of net gains from sales and redemptions. 
 Results in the first nine months of 2024 included pretax net investment gains of 239 million, compared with pretax net investment gains of 1.1 billion in the first nine months of 2023. Net investment gains in the first nine months of 2024 included an increase in credit loss allowances of 161 million; 33 million of net losses from certain derivative and foreign currency gains or losses; 100 million of net gains on equity securities; and 333 million of net gains from sales and redemptions. 
 The average yen/dollar exchange rate (1) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 147.95, or 2.0 weaker than the average yen/dollar exchange rate (1) of 144.97 for the same period in 2023. The average yen/dollar exchange rate (1) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 was 150.60, or 8.1 weaker than the average yen/dollar exchange rate (1) of 138.38 for the same period in 2023. 
 Adjusted earnings (2) in the third quarter of 2024 were 1.2 billion, or 2.16 per diluted share, compared with 1.1 billion, or 1.84 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2023. The weaker yen/dollar exchange rate negatively impacted adjusted earnings per diluted share by .03. Adjusted earnings (2) in the first nine months of 2024 were 3.2 billion, or 5.64 per diluted share, compared with 3.0 billion, or 4.97 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2023. The weaker yen/dollar exchange rate negatively impacted adjusted earnings per diluted share by .17. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, Aflac Incorporated repurchased 2.1 billion, or 23.4 million of its common shares as part of its share repurchase program. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 54.3 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase. 
 Shareholders equity was 24.8 billion, or 44.60 per share, at September 30, 2024, compared with 22.0 billion, or 38.00 per share, at December 31, 2023. Shareholders equity at September 30, 2024 included a cumulative decrease of 67 million from the effect of changes in discount rate assumptions on insurance contracts, compared with a corresponding cumulative decrease of 2.6 billion at December 31, 2023, and a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of 537 million, compared with a net unrealized gain of 1.1 billion at December 31, 2023. Shareholders equity at September 30, 2024 also included an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of 4.1 billion, compared with an unrealized foreign currency translation loss of 4.1 billion at December 31, 2023. The annualized return on average shareholders equity in the third quarter of 2024 was (1.5) . 
 82 

Shareholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) (2) (adjusted book value) was 28.5 billion, or 51.21 per share, at September 30, 2024, compared with 27.5 billion, or 47.55 per share, at December 31, 2023. The annualized adjusted return on equity (ROE) excluding foreign currency impact (2) in the third quarter of 2024 was 17.0 . 
 
 (1) Yen/U.S. dollar exchange rates are based on the published MUFG Bank, Ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (TTM). 
 (2) See the Results of Operations section of this MD A for a definition of this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The Company earns its revenues principally from insurance premiums and investments. The Company s operating expenses primarily consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing its products. Profitability for the Company depends principally on its ability to price its insurance products at a level that enables the Company to earn a margin over the costs associated with providing benefits and administering those products. Profitability also depends on, among other items, actuarial and policyholder behavior experience on insurance products, and the Company's ability to attract and retain customer assets, generate and maintain favorable investment results, effectively deploy capital and utilize tax capacity, and manage expenses. 
 
 This document includes references to the Company s financial performance measures which are not calculated in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) (non-U.S. GAAP). The financial measures exclude items that the Company believes may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations. 
 
 Due to the size of Aflac Japan, where the functional currency is the Japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on reported results. In periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. Consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. A significant portion of the Company s business is conducted in yen and never converted into dollars but translated into dollars for U.S. GAAP reporting purposes, which results in foreign currency impact to earnings, cash flows and book value on a U.S. GAAP basis. Management evaluates the Company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor, respectively, cumulative currency impacts and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. The average yen/dollar exchange rate is based on the published MUFG Bank, Ltd. telegraphic transfer middle rate (TTM). 
 
 The Company defines the non-U.S. GAAP financial measures included in this document as follows: 
 
 Adjusted earnings are adjusted revenues less benefits and adjusted expenses. Adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are the adjusted earnings for the period divided by the weighted average outstanding shares (basic or diluted) for the period presented. The adjustments to both revenues and expenses account for certain items that are outside of management s control because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or are related to infrequent activities not directly associated with insurance operations. Adjusted revenues are U.S. GAAP total revenues excluding adjusted net investment gains and losses. Adjusted expenses are U.S. GAAP total acquisition and operating expenses including the impact of interest from derivatives associated with notes payable but excluding any non-recurring or other items not associated with the normal course of the Company s insurance operations and that do not reflect the Company's underlying business performance. Management uses adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of the Company s insurance operations on a consolidated basis and believes that a presentation of these financial measures is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of the Company s insurance business. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share (basic or diluted) are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively. 
 
 Adjusted net investment gains and losses are net investment gains and losses adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity, ii) net interest income/expense from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are both reclassified to net investment income, and iii) the impact of interest from derivatives associated with notes payable, which is reclassified to interest expense as a component of total adjusted expenses. The Company considers adjusted net investment gains and losses important as it represents the 
 83 

remainder amount that is considered outside management s control, while excluding the components that are within management s control and are accordingly reclassified to net investment income and interest expense. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure for adjusted net investment gains and losses is net investment gains and losses. 
 
 Amortized hedge costs/income represent costs/income incurred or recognized as a result of using foreign currency derivatives to hedge certain foreign exchange risks in the Company's Japan segment or in Corporate and other. These amortized hedge costs/income are estimated at the inception of the derivatives based on the specific terms of each contract and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the derivative. The Company believes that amortized hedge costs/income measure the periodic currency risk management costs/income related to hedging certain foreign currency exchange risks and are an important component of net investment income. There is no comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure for amortized hedge costs/income. 
 
 Adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates fluctuations driven solely by foreign currency exchange rate changes. Adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact divided by the weighted average outstanding diluted shares for the period presented. The Company considers adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact important because a significant portion of the Company's business is conducted in Japan and foreign exchange rates are outside management s control; therefore, the Company believes it is important to understand the impact of translating foreign currency (primarily Japanese yen) into U.S. dollars. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact and adjusted earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact are net earnings and net earnings per share, respectively. 
 
 Adjusted book value is the U.S. GAAP book value (representing total shareholders equity), less AOCI as recorded on the U.S. GAAP balance sheet. Adjusted book value per common share is adjusted book value at the period end divided by the ending outstanding common shares for the period presented. The Company considers adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share important as they exclude AOCI, which fluctuates due to market movements that are outside management s control. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures for adjusted book value and adjusted book value per common share are total book value and total book value per common share, respectively. 
 
 Adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is adjusted earnings excluding the current period foreign currency impact divided by average shareholders equity, excluding AOCI. The Company considers adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact important as it excludes changes in foreign currency and components of AOCI, which fluctuate due to market movements that are outside management's control. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure for adjusted return on equity excluding foreign currency impact is return on average equity (ROE) as determined using net earnings and average total shareholders equity. 
 
 U.S. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact represents amounts excluding foreign currency impact on U.S. dollar-denominated investment income using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. The Company considers U.S. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact important as it eliminates the impact of foreign currency changes on the Aflac Japan segment results, which are outside management s control. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure for U.S. dollar-denominated investment income excluding foreign currency impact is the corresponding net investment income amount from the U.S. dollar denominated investments translated to yen. 
 
 84 

The following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures of net earnings and net earnings per diluted share, respectively. 
 Reconciliation of Net Earnings to Adjusted Earnings 
 
 In Millions Per Diluted Share In Millions Per Diluted Share Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings (93) 1,569 (.17) 2.64 3,541 4,391 6.23 7.28 Items impacting net earnings: Adjusted net investment (gains) losses (1) 
 1,347 (504) 2.40 (.85) (411) (1,363) (.72) (2.26) Other and non-recurring (income) loss 0 (3) .00 (.01) 1 (38) .00 (.06) Income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded from adjusted earning (43) 33 (.08) .06 76 12 .13 .02 Adjusted earnings 1,211 1,095 2.16 1.84 3,207 3,001 5.64 4.97 Current period foreign currency impact (2) 
 16 N/A .03 N/A 97 N/A .17 N/A Adjusted earnings excluding current period foreign currency impact 1,228 1,095 2.19 1.84 3,304 3,001 5.81 4.97 
 (1) See reconciliation of net investment (gains) losses to adjusted net investment (gains) losses below. 
 (2) Prior period foreign currency impact reflected as N/A to isolate change for current period only. 
 
 Reconciling Items 
 
 Net Investment Gains and Losses 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Investment (Gains) Losses to Adjusted Net Investment (Gains) Losses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net investment (gains) losses 1,408 (423) (239) (1,101) Items impacting net investment (gains) losses: Amortized hedge costs (7) (26) (19) (148) Amortized hedge income 25 25 87 92 Net interest income (expense) from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies 
 (88) (90) (265) (239) Impact of interest from derivatives associated with notes payable 8 10 25 33 Adjusted net investment (gains) losses 1,347 (504) (411) (1,363) 
 
 The Company's investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the Company s profitability. This investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (ALM) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the Company's liability structure. The Company does not purchase securities with the intent of generating investment gains or losses. However, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. The realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of the Company's insurance products. 
 
 Net investment gains and losses excluded from adjusted earnings include the following: 
 
 Securities Transactions 
 Credit Losses 
 Changes in the Fair Value of Equity Securities 
 Certain Derivative and Foreign Currency Activities. 
 85 

Securities Transactions, Credit Losses and Changes in the Fair Value of Equity Securities 
 
 Securities transactions include gains and losses from sales and redemptions of investments where the amount received is different from the amortized cost of the investment. Credit losses include losses for held-to-maturity fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, loan receivables, loan commitments and reinsurance recoverables. Changes in the fair value of equity securities are the result of gains or losses driven by fluctuations in market prices. 
 
 Certain Derivative and Foreign Currency Activities 
 
 The Company's derivative activities include: 
 
 foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk on U.S. dollar-denominated investments in Aflac Japan's portfolio, with options used on a standalone basis and/or in a collar strategy; 
 
 foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen and hedge the Company's long term exposure to a weakening yen; 
 
 cross-currency interest rate swaps, also referred to as foreign currency swaps, associated with certain senior notes and subordinated debentures; 
 
 foreign currency swaps that are associated with variable interest entity (VIE) bond purchase commitments, and investments in special-purpose entities, including VIEs where the Company is the primary beneficiary; 
 
 interest rate swaps used to economically hedge interest rate fluctuations in certain variable-rate investments; 
 
 interest rate swaptions used to hedge changes in the fair value associated with interest rate fluctuations for certain U.S. dollar-denominated available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities; and 
 
 bond purchase commitments at the inception of investments in consolidated VIEs. 
 
 Gains and losses are recognized as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. The Company also excludes from adjusted earnings the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the foreign currency exchange rate. 
 
 For additional information regarding net investment gains and losses, including details of reported amounts for the periods presented, see Notes 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other and Non-recurring Items 
 
 The U.S. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. The system can result in periodic charges to the Company as a result of insolvencies/bankruptcies that occur with other companies in the life insurance industry. Some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. These charges neither relate to the ordinary course of the Company s business nor reflect the Company s underlying business performance, but result from external situations not controlled by the Company. The Company excludes any charges associated with U.S. guaranty fund assessments and the corresponding tax benefit or expense from adjusted earnings. 
 
 In Japan, the government also requires the insurance industry to contribute to a policyholder protection corporation that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers; however, these costs are calculated and administered differently than in the U.S. In Japan, these costs are not directly related to specific insolvencies or bankruptcies, but are rather a regular operational cost for an insurance company. Based on this structure, the Company does not remove the Japan policyholder protection expenses from adjusted earnings. 
 
 The Company considers the costs associated with the early redemption of its debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in its insurance operations. Additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and the Company considers these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with its insurance operations. 

86 

In June 2023, the Company amended the U.S. defined benefit plan to freeze future benefits under the plan for all participants effective January 1, 2024, which resulted in the Company recognizing a curtailment gain of approximately 49 million in the second quarter of 2023. The curtailment gain was both unusual and non-recurring and unrelated to other recurring benefit costs associated with the plan; therefore, the Company excluded the curtailment gain from adjusted earnings. 
 
 Other items excluded from adjusted earnings also included an impairment for certain finite-lived intangible assets of approximately 11 million in the second quarter of 2023 as a result of the Company exiting the third-party administration business acquired in connection with the purchase of Aflac Benefits Solutions, Inc. (formerly known as Argus Dental Vision, Inc.) in 2019. The impairment of these intangible assets was not related to the ongoing operations of the business and occurs infrequently; therefore, the Company excluded the impairment from adjusted earnings. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's combined U.S. and Japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 201.8 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with 13.1 for the same period in 2023. The Company's combined U.S. and Japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 17.3 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with 11.7 for the same period in 2023. The combined effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to historic and solar tax credits and the exclusion of foreign currency translation gains and losses held in the Delaware Statutory Trust. For additional information, see the Critical Accounting Estimates - Income Taxes section of Item 7. MD A in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 The Company expects that its effective tax rate on adjusted earnings for future periods will be approximately 20 . The effective tax rate continues to be subject to future tax law changes both in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. See the risk factor entitled "Tax rates applicable to the Company may change" in Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2023 Annual Report for more information. 
 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 Aflac Japan s premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. Aflac Japan purchases yen-denominated assets and U.S. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. Yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to U.S. dollars using the weighted average Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate for the reporting period, except realized gains and losses on securities transactions which are translated at the exchange rate on the trade date of each transaction. Yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to U.S. dollars using the spot Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. 
 
 In recent periods, the Japanese yen has weakened against the U.S. dollar. Although the Company is unable to predict the timing or extent of future movements of the Japanese yen/U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate, the Company maintains hedging strategies (see the Hedging Activities section of this MD A) that are intended to mitigate the impacts of yen fluctuation on the Company s financial position and results of operations. See the risk factor entitled The Company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate in Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2023 Annual Report for more information. 
 87 

Reconciliation of Book Value to Adjusted Book Value 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted book value and adjusted book value per diluted share to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures of book value and book value per diluted share, respectively. 
 (In millions, except for share and per-share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 U.S. GAAP book value 24,830 21,985 Items impacting U.S. GAAP book value: Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) (4,139) (4,069) Unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives 537 1,117 Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions (67) (2,560) Pension liability adjustment (8) (8) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (3,677) (5,520) Adjusted book value 28,507 27,505 Number of shares outstanding at end of period 556,717 578,479 U.S. GAAP book value per common share 44.60 38.00 Items impacting U.S. GAAP book value per common share: Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) per common share (7.43) (7.03) Unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives per common share .96 1.93 Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions per common share (.12) (4.43) Pension liability adjustment per common share (.01) (.01) Total accumulated other comprehensive income per common share (6.60) (9.54) Adjusted book value per common share 51.21 47.55 
 
 Reconciliation of Return on Equity to Adjusted Return on Equity 
 (Excluding the Impact of Foreign Currency) 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of items impacting adjusted return on equity excluding the impact of foreign currency to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure of return on equity. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 U.S. GAAP return on equity - net earnings (1) 
 (1.5) 29.1 Impact of excluding unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) .3 (4.5) Impact of excluding unrealized gains (losses) on securities and derivatives .0 .8 Impact of excluding effect of changes in discount rate assumptions .0 (3.1) Impact of excluding pension liability adjustment .0 .0 Impact of excluding accumulated other comprehensive income .2 (6.8) U.S. GAAP return on equity less accumulated other comprehensive income (1.3) 22.3 Differences between adjusted earnings and net earnings (2) 
 18.0 (6.7) Adjusted return on equity - reported 16.7 15.6 Impact of foreign currency (3) 
 (.2) N/A Adjusted return on equity, excluding impact of foreign currency 17.0 15.6 
 (1) U.S. GAAP return on equity is calculated by dividing net earnings (annualized) by average shareholders' equity. 
 (2) See separate reconciliation of net earnings to adjusted earnings above. 
 (3) Impact of foreign currency is calculated by restating all foreign currency components of the income statement to the weighted average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. The impact is the difference of the restated adjusted earnings compared to reported adjusted earnings. For comparative purposes, only current period income is restated using the weighted average prior period exchange rate, which eliminates the foreign currency impact for the current period. This allows for equal comparison of this financial measure. 
 
 88 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS BY SEGMENT 
 
 U.S. GAAP financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. Furthermore, the Company is required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets. The Company's insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Aflac Japan is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. In addition, the Parent Company, other business units that are not individually reportable, reinsurance activities, including internal reinsurance activity with Aflac Re, and other business activities not included in Aflac Japan or Aflac U.S., as well as intercompany eliminations, are included in Corporate and other. See Item 1. Business in the 2023 Annual Report for a summary of each segment's products and distribution channels. 
 
 Consistent with U.S. GAAP guidance for segment reporting, pretax adjusted earnings is the Company's U.S. GAAP measure of segment performance. The Company believes that a presentation of this measure is vitally important to an understanding of the underlying profitability drivers and trends of its business. Additional performance measures used to evaluate the financial condition and performance of the Company's segments are listed below. 
 
 Operating Ratios 
 New Annualized Premium Sales 
 New Money Yield 
 Return on Average Invested Assets 
 Average Weekly Producer 
 Premium Persistency 
 
 For additional information on the Company s performance measures included in this MD A, see the Glossary of Selected Terms found directly following Part II. Other Information. See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the reconciliation of segment results to the Company's consolidated U.S. GAAP results and additional information. 
 89 

AFLAC JAPAN SEGMENT 
 Aflac Japan Pretax Adjusted Earnings 
 Changes in Aflac Japan s pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. The following table presents a summary of operating results for Aflac Japan. 
 Aflac Japan Summary of Operating Results 
 In Dollars In Yen Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earned premiums (1) 
 1,709 1,973 5,241 6,207 255 285 793 856 Net investment income: (2) 
 Yen-denominated investment income 215 243 673 755 32 35 102 104 U.S. dollar-denominated investment income 453 462 1,382 1,320 68 67 209 183 Net investment income 668 705 2,055 2,075 100 102 311 287 Amortized hedge costs 7 26 19 148 1 3 3 19 Adjusted net investment income 662 679 2,036 1,927 99 99 309 268 Other income (loss) 7 8 20 26 1 1 3 4 Total adjusted revenues 2,378 2,660 7,297 8,160 355 385 1,104 1,127 Benefits and claims: Benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement 1,197 1,319 3,614 4,164 179 191 547 574 Reserve remeasurement (gains) losses (369) (33) (421) (68) (54) (5) (61) (10) Total benefits and claims, net 828 1,286 3,193 4,097 126 186 485 564 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 82 79 242 247 12 11 37 34 Insurance commissions 110 112 330 377 16 16 50 52 Insurance and other expenses 285 315 785 960 42 46 119 132 Total adjusted expenses 477 506 1,357 1,585 71 73 205 219 Total benefits and adjusted expenses 1,305 1,791 4,550 5,682 197 259 690 783 Pretax adjusted earnings 1,073 869 2,747 2,479 159 126 414 344 Weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate 147.95 144.97 150.60 138.38 Percentage change over previous period Net earned premiums (13.4) (7.2) (15.6) (12.4) (10.5) (2.8) (7.4) (5.0) Adjusted net investment income (2.5) 2.4 5.7 (6.7) .1 7.2 15.2 .9 Total adjusted revenues (10.6) (4.9) (10.6) (11.1) (7.8) (.5) (2.0) (3.6) Total benefits and claims, net (35.6) (9.4) (22.1) (14.3) (32.4) (5.2) (14.0) (7.1) Total adjusted expenses (5.7) (9.6) (14.4) (13.5) (2.8) (5.7) (6.2) (6.5) Pretax adjusted earnings 23.5 6.4 10.8 (3.2) 25.5 11.4 20.3 4.9 
 (1) Includes a gain (loss) of (75) and 22 for the three-month periods and (80) and 22 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-payment contracts. 
 (2) Net interest income/expense from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of (79) and (79) for the three-month periods and (237) and (214) for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income. 
 90 

For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results in yen terms compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums decreased primarily due to approximately 11 billion related to the remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-pay contracts in the third quarter of 2024, approximately 7 billion related to the internal cancer reinsurance transaction with Aflac Re established in the fourth quarter of 2023 and approximately 5 billion from limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status. 
 Adjusted net investment income was essentially flat. 
 Total adjusted revenues decreased primarily due to the decrease in net earned premiums. 
 Total benefits and claims decreased primarily due to 50 billion of reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024 as well as internal reinsurance activity. 
 Total adjusted expenses decreased primarily due to internal reinsurance activity. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to the decrease in total benefits and claims, partially offset by the decrease in net earned premiums. 
 
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results in yen terms compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums decreased primarily due to approximately 22 billion related to the internal cancer reinsurance transaction with Aflac Re established in the fourth quarter of 2023, approximately 16 billion from limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status and approximately 11 billion related to the remeasurement of the deferred profit liability for limited-pay contracts in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Adjusted net investment income increased primarily due to lower amortized hedge costs of 17 billion, the weakening of the yen on U.S. dollar investments of 15 billion and higher variable investment income of 10 billion. 
 Total adjusted revenues decreased primarily due to the decrease in net earned premiums, partially offset by the increase in adjusted net investment income. 
 Total benefits and claims decreased primarily due to 50 billion of reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024 as well as internal reinsurance activity. 
 Total adjusted expenses decreased primarily due to internal reinsurance activity as well as expense control efforts. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to the decrease in both total benefits and claims and total adjusted expenses, partially offset by the decrease in net earned premiums. 
 
 Annualized premiums in force decreased 3.2 to 1.22 trillion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 1.26 trillion as of September 30, 2023. The decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen was driven primarily by limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status. Annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective period-end exchange rates, were 8.5 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with 8.4 billion at September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan exceeded 22 million individual policies in force in Japan, with more than 14 million cancer policies in force in Japan. 
 
 Aflac Japan's investment portfolios include U.S. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). In years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms. In years when the yen weakens, translating U.S. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total adjusted revenues, and pretax adjusted earnings in yen terms. 
 
 The following table illustrates the effect of translating Aflac Japan s U.S. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had foreign currency exchange rates remained unchanged from the comparable period in the prior year. Amounts excluding foreign currency impact on U.S. dollar-denominated investment income were determined using the average foreign currency exchange rate for the comparable prior year period. See non-U.S. GAAP financial measures defined above. 
 91 

Aflac Japan Percentage Changes Over Previous Period 
 (Yen Operating Results) 
 For the Periods Ended September 30, 
 
 Including Foreign Currency Changes Excluding Foreign Currency Changes Three Months Nine Months 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Adjusted net investment income .1 7.2 15.2 .9 (1.9) 1.6 8.4 (5.0) Total adjusted revenues (7.8) (.5) (2.0) (3.6) (8.3) (1.8) (3.7) (5.0) Pretax adjusted earnings 25.5 11.4 20.3 4.9 24.0 7.0 15.1 .3 
 
 The following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for Aflac Japan followed by a discussion of the significant drivers of changes in operating ratios in yen compared to the same periods in the previous year. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Ratios to total adjusted revenues: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total benefits and claims, net 35.3 48.2 44.0 50.1 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 3.4 3.0 3.3 3.0 Insurance commissions 4.6 4.2 4.5 4.6 Insurance and other expenses 11.9 11.8 10.7 11.8 Total adjusted expenses 20.0 19.0 18.6 19.4 Pretax adjusted earnings 44.7 32.8 37.5 30.5 Ratios to total premiums: Total benefits and claims, net 49.2 65.1 61.2 66.0 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 4.8 4.0 4.6 4.0 
 
 For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio decreased primarily due to a decrease in total benefits and claims resulting from reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024, partially offset by the decline in net earned premiums resulting from reinsurance activity, limited-pay products reaching premium paid-up status, and a deferred profit liability remeasurement loss. For the full year of 2024, the Company expects Aflac Japan to generate a benefit ratio in the range of 62 to 63 as a result of the impact from assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024. 
 For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the total adjusted expense ratio increased primarily due to the decrease in total adjusted revenues. The total adjusted expense ratio decreased in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in total adjusted expenses associated with reinsurance activity as well as expense control efforts. 
 In total, the pretax adjusted profit margin increased in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to a decrease in total benefits and claims. 
 
 The following table presents Aflac Japan's premium persistency on a 12-month rolling basis as of September 30. 
 2024 2023 Premium persistency 93.3 93.5 
 
 92 

Aflac Japan Sales 
 
 The following table presents Aflac Japan s new annualized premium sales for the periods ended September 30. 
 
 In Dollars In Yen Three Months Nine Months 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 New annualized premium sales 117 108 309 325 17.5 15.6 46.9 44.9 Increase (decrease) over prior period 8.6 7.8 (4.8) 7.9 12.3 12.4 4.4 16.6 
 
 The increase in new annualized premium sales on a yen basis in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 was driven primarily by sales of Aflac Japan's new life insurance product, Tsumitasu, that offers an asset formation component and a nursing care option, which was launched in June 2024. 
 
 The following table details the contributions to Aflac Japan's new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the periods ended September 30. 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cancer 55.1 65.6 58.6 64.7 Medical and other health: Medical 12.2 20.0 15.9 19.3 Income support .2 .4 .3 .5 Life insurance: Traditional life (1) 
 30.8 6.1 21.5 6.4 WAYS .8 6.0 2.5 7.1 Child endowment .1 .4 .2 .4 Other .8 1.5 1.0 1.6 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Includes term, whole life and Tsumitasu 
 
 The foundation of Aflac Japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, third sector products, which include cancer, medical, income support and other products. With continued cost pressure on Japan s health care system, the Company expects the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future and that the medical and cancer insurance products Aflac Japan provides will continue to be an important part of its product portfolio. Additionally, the Company believes that sales of first sector products, including WAYS, Child Endowment and Tsumitasu, position Aflac Japan for potential future long-term sales opportunities by marketing these products to a younger demographic as well as potential cross-selling opportunities of Aflac Japan's third sector products. 
 
 Aflac Japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance application by allowing the customer and an Aflac Japan operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. Further, Aflac Japan continues to utilize its virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online. 
 
 The following table details the contributions to Aflac Japan's new annualized premium sales by agency type for the three-month periods ended September 30. 
 2024 2023 Independent corporate and individual 46.2 44.4 Affiliated corporate (1) 
 50.2 51.9 Bank 3.6 3.7 Total 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Includes Japan Post Group, Dai-ichi Life and Daido Life 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan recruited 19 new sales agencies. At September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan was represented by approximately 6,600 sales agencies, with approximately 114,000 
 93 

licensed sales associates employed by those agencies. The number of sales agencies has declined in recent years due to Aflac Japan's focus on supporting agencies with strong management frameworks, high productivity and more producing agents. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan had agreements to sell its products at 360 banks, approximately 90 of the total number of banks in Japan. 
 
 Strategic Alliance with Japan Post Holdings 
 
 On May 10, 2024, the Parent Company reported that the shares owned by the J A Alliance Trust (Trust) represented, in aggregate, 20 of the voting power of the Parent Company's common stock. The Shareholders Agreement, entered into on February 28, 2019, by the Parent Company, Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd., J A Alliance Holdings Corporation, solely in its capacity as trustee of the Trust and General Incorporated Association J A Alliance, provides voting restrictions that require the Trust to vote (i) all shares representing voting rights in excess of 20 of the voting rights in the Parent Company and (ii) all of its shares in connection with a change in control transaction, in each case, in a manner proportionally equal to votes of shares not beneficially owned by the Trust. Japan Post Holdings Co., Ltd. does not have a board seat on the Parent Company s board of directors and does not have rights to control, manage or intervene in the management of the Parent Company. 
 
 For additional information, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of Item 7. MD A in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Aflac Japan Investments 
 
 The level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on U.S. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors. 
 
 As part of the Company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, Aflac Japan invests in yen and U.S. dollar-denominated investments. Yen-denominated investments primarily consist of Japan Government Bonds (JGBs), public and private fixed maturity securities and public equity securities. Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated investments include fixed maturity investments, loan receivables, and growth assets, including alternative investments in limited partnerships or similar investment vehicles. Aflac Japan invests in both publicly traded and privately originated U.S. dollar-denominated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. 
 
 94 

The following table details the investment purchases for Aflac Japan. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Yen-denominated: Fixed maturity securities: Japan government and agencies 0 71 0 338 Private placements 0 71 131 510 Other fixed maturity securities 50 72 290 72 Equity securities 159 110 335 289 Commercial mortgage and other loans: Other loans 0 0 0 77 Other investments 6 3 20 12 Total yen-denominated 215 327 776 1,298 U.S. dollar-denominated: Fixed maturity securities: Other fixed maturity securities 571 38 2,460 516 Infrastructure debt 89 25 258 29 Collateralized loan obligations 0 0 30 0 Commercial mortgage and other loans: Transitional real estate loans 27 45 73 160 Middle market loans 298 59 649 336 Other loans 40 0 40 0 Other investments 89 96 206 308 Total U.S. dollar-denominated 1,114 263 3,716 1,349 Other currencies: Fixed maturity securities: Infrastructure debt 26 0 26 0 Commercial mortgage and other loans: Other loans 32 0 32 0 Other investments 3 0 5 0 Total other currencies 61 0 63 0 Total Aflac Japan purchases 1,390 590 4,555 2,647 
 
 See the Investments section of this MD A for further discussion of these investment programs, and see Notes 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 1, 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report for more information regarding loans and loan receivables. 
 
 95 

The following table presents the results of Aflac Japan s investment yields for the periods ended September 30. 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total purchases for the period (in millions) (1) 
 1,292 491 4,324 2,327 New money yield (1),(2) 
 6.21 4.28 5.85 4.84 Return on average invested assets (3) 
 3.16 3.07 3.31 2.80 Portfolio book yield, including U.S. dollar-denominated investments, end of period (1),(2) 
 3.21 3.19 3.21 3.19 
 (1) Includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships 
 (2) Reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses, external management fees and amortized hedge costs 
 (3) Net of investment expenses and amortized hedge costs, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis 
 
 The increase in the Aflac Japan new money yield in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to higher allocations to higher yielding asset classes. See Notes 3, 4 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Investments and Hedging Activities sections of this MD A for additional information on the Company's investments and hedging strategies. 
 
 96 

AFLAC U.S. SEGMENT 
 Aflac U.S. Pretax Adjusted Earnings 
 Changes in Aflac U.S. pretax adjusted earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. The following table presents a summary of operating results for Aflac U.S. 
 Aflac U.S. Summary of Operating Results 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earned premiums 1,459 1,419 4,388 4,272 Adjusted net investment income (1) 
 210 209 634 609 Other income 15 33 46 102 Total adjusted revenues 1,684 1,661 5,068 4,983 Benefits and claims: Benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement 711 682 2,130 2,048 Reserve remeasurement (gains) losses (17) (172) (71) (242) Total benefits and claims, net 694 510 2,059 1,805 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 132 122 396 361 Insurance commissions 141 138 422 420 Insurance and other expenses 367 414 1,102 1,198 Total adjusted expenses 640 674 1,920 1,979 Total benefits and adjusted expenses 1,334 1,183 3,979 3,784 Pretax adjusted earnings 350 478 1,089 1,199 Percentage change over previous period: Net earned premiums 2.8 3.2 2.7 2.2 Adjusted net investment income .5 13.0 4.1 8.2 Total adjusted revenues 1.4 3.9 1.7 2.4 Total benefits and claims, net 36.1 (17.2) 14.1 (7.0) Total adjusted expenses (5.0) 5.6 (3.0) 3.9 Pretax adjusted earnings (26.8) 38.6 (9.2) 17.5 
 (1) Net interest income/expense from derivatives associated with certain investment strategies of (9) and (9) for the three-month periods and (28) and (24) for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, have been reclassified from net investment gains (losses) and included in adjusted earnings as a component of net investment income. 
 
 For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums increased primarily due to higher net earned premiums from growth initiatives including group life and disability and consumer markets businesses and continued improvements in premium persistency. 
 Adjusted net investment income was essentially flat. 
 Total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to the increase in net earned premiums. 
 Total benefits and claims increased primarily due to a decrease of approximately 139 million in reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024 and higher incurred claims. 
 Total adjusted expenses decreased primarily due to improved expense efficiency. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings decreased primarily due to the increase in total benefits and claims, partially offset by the increase in total adjusted revenues and the decrease in total adjusted expenses. 
 
 97 

For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums increased primarily due to higher net earned premiums from growth initiatives including group life and disability and consumer markets businesses and continued improvements in premium persistency. 
 Adjusted net investment income increased primarily due to higher fixed rate income, higher variable income and higher short-term income. 
 Total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to the increase in both net earned premiums and adjusted net investment income. 
 Total benefits and claims increased primarily due to a decrease of approximately 139 million in reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024 and higher incurred claims. 
 Total adjusted expenses decreased primarily due to improved expense efficiency. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings decreased primarily due to the increase in total benefits and claims, partially offset by the increase in total adjusted revenues and the decrease in total adjusted expenses. 
 
 Annualized premiums in force increased 3.3 to 6.3 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with 6.1 billion at September 30, 2023. 
 The following table presents a summary of operating ratios for Aflac U.S. followed by a discussion of the significant drivers of changes in operating ratios compared to the same periods in the previous year. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Ratios to total adjusted revenues: 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total benefits and claims 41.2 30.7 40.6 36.2 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 7.8 7.3 7.8 7.2 Insurance commissions 8.4 8.3 8.3 8.4 Insurance and other expenses 21.8 24.9 21.7 24.0 Total adjusted expenses 38.0 40.6 37.9 39.7 Pretax adjusted earnings 20.8 28.8 21.5 24.1 Ratios to total premiums: Total benefits and claims 47.6 35.9 46.9 42.3 Adjusted expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 9.0 8.6 9.0 8.5 
 
 For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the total benefits and claims to total premiums ratio increased primarily due to the decrease in reserve remeasurement gains related to assumption updates in the third quarter of 2024 as well as higher incurred claims. 
 The total adjusted expense ratio decreased in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to expense efficiency efforts. 
 In total, the pretax adjusted profit margin decreased in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the increase in total benefits and claims partially offset by higher total adjusted revenues and lower total adjusted expenses. 
 
 The following table presents premium persistency for Aflac U.S. on a 12-month rolling basis as of September 30. 
 2024 2023 Premium persistency 78.9 78.7 
 
 98 

Aflac U.S. Sales 
 The following table presents Aflac's U.S. new annualized premium sales for the periods ended September 30. 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 New annualized premium sales 379 359 1,008 998 Increase (decrease) over prior period 5.5 7.5 1.0 6.4 
 
 The increase in new annualized premium sales for Aflac U.S. in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 was primarily driven by group life, absence management and disability products, as well as cancer insurance. 
 
 The following table details the contributions to Aflac's U.S. new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the periods ended September 30. 
 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Accident 17.7 19.9 20.3 21.9 Disability 28.8 28.2 26.1 26.1 Critical care (1) 
 18.6 18.6 20.5 19.8 Hospital indemnity 11.9 12.6 13.4 14.2 Dental/vision 4.7 5.7 5.6 6.5 Life 18.3 15.0 14.1 11.5 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Includes cancer, critical illness, and hospital intensive care products 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Aflac U.S. sales force included an average of approximately 5,900 U.S. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. The Company believes that this average weekly producer equivalent metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity. 
 
 As previously reported in the 2023 Annual Report, in July 2023, the U.S. Department of Labor, U.S. Department of the Treasury and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the tri-agencies) issued a proposed joint rule that, as written, could have potentially imposed significant limitations on the structure of benefits for hospital indemnity and other fixed indemnity plans, including those sold by Aflac U.S. However, on March 28, 2024, the tri-agencies released the final regulations requiring expanded disclosures to consumers for hospital and fixed indemnity insurance. The final regulations, which became effective June 17, 2024, did not include the proposals relating to the regulation and tax treatment of hospital and fixed indemnity insurance. As such, the implementation of the final regulations is not anticipated to have a material impact on Aflac U.S. sales. 
 
 Aflac U.S. Investments 
 
 The level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors. 
 
 As part of the Company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, Aflac U.S. invests in fixed maturity investments, loan receivables, and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. Aflac U.S. invests in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables. 
 
 99 

The following table details the investment purchases for Aflac U.S. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Fixed maturity securities: Other fixed maturity securities 110 170 654 576 Infrastructure debt 25 0 64 0 Collateralized loan obligations 0 0 12 0 Equity securities 0 0 22 0 Commercial mortgage and other loans: Transitional real estate loans 7 18 19 73 Commercial mortgage loans 0 19 13 19 Middle market loans 16 6 102 55 Other loans 0 4 0 25 Other investments 11 11 23 34 Total Aflac U.S. Purchases 169 228 909 782 
 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report for more information regarding loans and loans receivables. 
 
 The following table presents the results of Aflac's U.S. investment yields for the periods ended September 30. 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total purchases for period (in millions) (1) 
 158 217 886 748 New money yield (1),(2) 
 6.00 7.21 6.76 7.38 Return on average invested assets (3) 
 4.94 5.04 5.00 4.84 Portfolio book yield, end of period (1),(2) 
 5.63 5.52 5.63 5.52 
 (1) Includes fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships 
 (2) Reported on a gross yield basis; excludes investment expenses and external management fees 
 (3) Net of investment expenses, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis 
 
 The decrease in the Aflac U.S. new money yield in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to higher allocations to lower yielding asset classes. See Notes 3 and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Investments section of this MD A for additional information on the Company's investments. 
 
 100 

CORPORATE AND OTHER 
 Changes in the pretax adjusted earnings of Corporate and other are primarily affected by internal reinsurance activity and net investment income. The following table presents a summary of operating results for Corporate and other. 
 Corporate and Other Summary of Operating Results 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earned premiums 160 83 479 258 Net investment income (loss) (1) 
 39 2 146 24 Amortized hedge income 25 25 87 92 Adjusted net investment income 64 27 233 116 Other income 1 4 11 9 Total adjusted revenues 225 115 723 384 Benefits and claims: Benefits and claims, excluding reserve remeasurement 95 65 298 208 Reserve remeasurement (gains) losses (21) 0 (23) (2) Total benefits and claims, net 74 65 275 206 Adjusted expenses: Interest expense 39 39 113 109 Other adjusted expenses 97 59 299 176 Total adjusted expenses 136 98 412 285 Total benefits and adjusted expenses 210 163 687 490 Pretax adjusted earnings 15 (49) 36 (107) Percentage change over previous period: Net earned premiums 92.8 137.1 85.7 130.4 Adjusted net investment income 137.0 (22.9) 100.9 110.9 Total adjusted revenues 95.7 57.5 88.3 103.2 Total benefits and claims, net 13.8 62.5 33.5 87.3 Total adjusted expenses 38.8 10.1 44.6 13.1 Pretax adjusted earnings 130.6 12.5 133.6 38.2 
 (1) The change in value of federal historic rehabilitation and solar investments in partnerships of 57 and 64 for the three-month periods and 119 and 169 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, is included as a reduction to net investment income. Tax credits on these investments of 78 and 63 for the three-month periods and 142 and 171 for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, have been recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these investments. 
 
 For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums and total benefits and claims increased primarily due to higher reinsurance activity resulting from agreements established in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted net investment income increased primarily due to higher Aflac Re consolidated investment income of 15 million primarily due to a higher volume of assets as part of the reinsurance agreements established in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 7 million due to a lower volume of federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credit investments, with offsetting tax benefits recognized as a corresponding lower income tax expense. 
 Total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to higher net earned premiums and higher adjusted net investment income. 
 Total adjusted expenses increased primarily due to the higher reinsurance activity. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to higher total adjusted revenues partially offset by higher total benefits and adjusted expenses. 
 
 101 

For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, operating results compared to the same period in the previous year were as follows: 
 
 Net earned premiums and total benefits and claims increased primarily due to higher reinsurance activity resulting from agreements established in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted net investment income increased primarily due to higher Aflac Re consolidated investment income of 53 million primarily due to a higher volume of assets as part of the reinsurance agreements established in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 50 million due to a lower volume of federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credit investments, with offsetting tax benefits recognized as a corresponding lower income tax expense. 
 Total adjusted revenues increased primarily due to higher net earned premiums and higher adjusted net investment income. 
 Total adjusted expenses increased primarily due to the higher reinsurance activity of 108 million as well as an increase in other general operating expenses. 
 Pretax adjusted earnings increased primarily due to higher total adjusted revenues partially offset by the higher total benefits and adjusted expenses. 
 
 The Parent Company invests in partnerships that specialize in rehabilitating historic structures or the installation of solar equipment in order to receive federal historic rehabilitation and solar tax credits. These investments are classified as limited partnerships and included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets. The change in value of each investment is recorded as a reduction to net investment income. Tax credits generated by these investments are recorded as an income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 102 

INVESTMENTS 
 
 The Company s investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. In attempting to optimally balance these objectives, the Company seeks to maintain on behalf of Aflac Japan a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, a U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen and a portfolio of unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated assets. As part of the Company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, Aflac U.S. invests in fixed maturity investments and growth assets, including public equity securities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. Aflac U.S. invests in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loans. 
 
 For additional information concerning the Company's investments, see Notes 3, 4, and 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following tables detail investments by segment. 
 
 Investment Securities by Segment 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Aflac Japan Aflac U.S. Corporate and Other Total Available-for-sale, fixed maturity securities, at fair value 53,435 13,230 5,627 72,292 Held-to-maturity, fixed maturity securities, 
 at amortized cost (1) 
 17,698 0 0 17,698 Equity securities 485 2 321 808 Commercial mortgage and other loans: (1) 
 Transitional real estate loans 4,128 931 190 5,249 Commercial mortgage loans 933 612 0 1,545 Middle market loans 3,950 458 0 4,408 Other loans 250 77 15 342 Other investments: Policy loans 188 33 0 221 Short-term investments (2) 
 2,418 283 832 3,533 Limited partnerships 2,678 289 239 3,206 Real estate owned 545 100 0 645 Other 0 42 0 42 Investment in affiliate (3) 
 0 514 (514) 0 Total investments 86,708 16,571 6,710 109,989 Cash and cash equivalents 1,981 765 2,866 5,612 Total investments and cash 88,689 17,336 9,576 115,601 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 (2) Includes securities lending collateral 
 (3) For consolidated reporting, Aflac U.S.'s investment in Aflac Re is eliminated in Corporate and other 
 
 103 

December 31, 2023 (In millions) Aflac Japan Aflac U.S. Corporate and Other Total Available-for-sale, fixed maturity securities, at fair value 54,983 12,884 5,423 73,290 Held-to-maturity, fixed maturity securities, 
 at amortized cost (1) 
 17,819 0 0 17,819 Equity securities 720 2 366 1,088 Commercial mortgage and other loans: (1) 
 Transitional real estate loans 4,795 1,011 192 5,998 Commercial mortgage loans 1,075 622 0 1,697 Middle market loans 4,095 436 0 4,531 Other loans 185 101 15 301 Other investments: Policy loans 186 28 0 214 Short-term investments (2) 
 347 204 753 1,304 Limited partnerships 2,360 258 132 2,750 Real estate owned 180 47 0 227 Other 0 35 0 35 Investment in affiliate (3) 
 0 439 (439) 0 Total investments 86,745 16,067 6,442 109,254 Cash and cash equivalents 1,861 651 1,794 4,306 Total investments and cash 88,606 16,718 8,236 113,560 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 (2) Includes securities lending collateral 
 (3) For consolidated reporting, Aflac U.S.'s investment in Aflac Re is eliminated in Corporate and other 
 
 The Company has invested in a variety of commercial mortgage loans (CMLs) and other loans including transitional real estate loans (TREs). The Company's TRE and CML investments are collateralized by commercial real estate, including some office properties. The Company considers these investments to be well diversified by geography and among property types. Further, the Company believes that the portfolio is generally well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties with institutional investors who are experienced in managing their assets during periods of market volatility. 
 
 While generally resilient, the Company's investments in TREs and CMLs have been affected by conditions in the commercial real estate market, with a greater impact on mortgages secured by office properties. The Company invested in certain TREs and CMLs that are currently in default of interest or maturity payments. The Company works with the affected borrowers to resolve specific situations through loan continuance with potential modifications, through loan sales, or through the process of foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. Since the third quarter of 2023, the Company has taken possession, through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure, of certain commercial real estate properties, which secured defaulted loans. Properties acquired by the Company through foreclosure and deed in lieu of foreclosure are reported as real estate owned (REO) in other investments in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure on TREs collateralized with commercial real estate properties with an amortized cost of 407 million. As a result of the amortized cost of the TREs exceeding the estimated fair value of the collateral upon consummating the foreclosures or deed in lieu of foreclosure transactions, the Company recognized a net loss of 27 million in net investment gains (losses) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company completed foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure on TREs collateralized with commercial real estate properties with an amortized cost of 142 million. As a result of the amortized cost of the TREs exceeding the estimated fair value of the collateral upon consummating the foreclosures or deed in lieu of foreclosure transactions, the Company recognized a net loss of 53 million in net investment gains (losses) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 104 

The Company utilizes third-party asset managers to source, underwrite and manage each loan, as well as any resulting REO. The Company closely monitors the activities of these managers. In the event that a loan workout is necessary, the Company believes these external managers have the experience and resources to manage the process to maximize recovery. 
 
 The Company also monitors its commercial mortgage and other loan investments internally on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans' credit quality indicators and payment status as current, past due, restructured or under foreclosure. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning credit quality indicators, information on loans that are on nonaccrual status, and REO obtained through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors of the 2023 Annual Report for a discussion of risk factors associated with the Company's investments. 
 
 The ratings of the Company's securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major rating organizations such as Moody's, Standard Poor's and Fitch or, if not rated, are determined based on the Company's internal analysis of such securities. When the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, the Company utilizes the second lowest rating when three or more rating agency ratings are available or the lowest rating when only two rating agency ratings are available. 
 
 The distributions of fixed maturity securities the Company owns, by credit rating, were as follows: 
 
 Composition of Fixed Maturity Securities by Credit Rating 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value AAA 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.6 AA 6.0 6.3 5.7 5.9 A 68.5 66.9 68.1 67.2 BBB 22.7 23.8 22.9 23.5 BB or lower 1.4 1.5 1.7 1.8 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's direct and indirect exposure to securities in its investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate. 
 
 The following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in the Company's portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 (In millions) Credit Rating Amortized Cost Fair Value Unrealized Loss Japan National Government A+ 38,280 37,942 (338) Urban Renaissance Agency A+ 171 131 (40) KLM Royal Dutch Airlines B+ 139 104 (35) Thames Water Utility CCC+ 140 112 (28) JP Morgan Chase and Co. A+ 214 187 (27) Prologis LP A- 160 136 (24) BASF A- 70 47 (23) SNCF Reseau AA 75 54 (21) Anglian Water Services Financing A- 98 78 (20) Mitsui Fudosan Co. Ltd. A- 73 53 (20) 
 
 Generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. The Company believes these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest. See the Unrealized Investment Gains and Losses section in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions and other corporate investments. 
 
 105 

Below-Investment-Grade Securities 
 
 The Company's portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. The following is the Company's below-investment-grade exposure. 
 
 Below-Investment-Grade Investments 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Par Value Amortized Cost (1) 
 Fair Value Unrealized Gain (Loss) Investcorp Capital Limited 239 239 233 (6) Telecom Italia SpA 140 140 185 45 KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 140 139 104 (35) Thames Water Utility 140 140 112 (28) IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG 91 48 79 31 Generalitat de Catalunya 56 24 55 31 Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc 35 36 30 (6) CPI Property Group SA 21 21 21 0 Transalta Corporation 10 11 11 0 Other Issuers 13 14 11 (3) Subtotal (2) 
 885 812 841 29 High yield corporate bonds 547 455 524 69 Middle market loans 4,194 4,063 3,995 (68) Grand Total 5,626 5,330 5,360 30 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 (2) Securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade 
 
 The Company maintains an allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. portfolios. Most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but the Company also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. The objective of this allocation was to enhance the Company's yield on invested assets and further diversify credit risk. All investments in this program must have a minimum rating at purchase of low BB using the Company's above described rating methodology and are managed by the Company's internal credit portfolio management team. 
 
 The Company invests in middle market loans primarily to U.S. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. The objectives of this program include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets. 
 106 

Fixed Maturity Securities by Sector 
 
 The Company maintains diversification in investments by sector to avoid concentrations to any one sector, thus managing exposure risk. The following table shows the distribution of fixed maturities by sector classification. 
 September 30, 2024 (In millions) Amortized Cost (1) 
 Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value of Total Government and agencies 39,471 1,961 (2,323) 39,109 44.8 Municipalities 2,443 189 (109) 2,523 2.8 Mortgage- and asset-backed securities 3,595 204 (69) 3,730 4.1 Public utilities 7,060 665 (214) 7,511 8.0 Electric 5,631 543 (104) 6,070 6.4 Natural Gas 889 81 (58) 912 1.0 Other 540 41 (52) 529 .6 Sovereign and supranational 862 97 (8) 951 1.1 Banks/financial institutions 9,391 724 (355) 9,760 10.6 Banking 5,589 454 (186) 5,857 6.3 Insurance 1,886 183 (56) 2,013 2.1 Other 1,916 87 (113) 1,890 2.2 Other corporate 25,295 3,185 (797) 27,683 28.6 Basic Industry 2,156 348 (82) 2,422 2.4 Capital Goods 3,001 320 (91) 3,230 3.4 Communications 2,723 463 (40) 3,146 3.1 Consumer Cyclical 1,996 224 (28) 2,192 2.3 Consumer Non-Cyclical 5,861 713 (179) 6,395 6.7 Energy 2,233 438 (21) 2,650 2.5 Other 1,176 84 (83) 1,177 1.3 Technology 3,216 242 (116) 3,342 3.6 Transportation 2,933 353 (157) 3,129 3.3 Total fixed maturity securities 88,117 7,025 (3,875) 91,267 100.0 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 
 Securities by Type of Issuance 
 
 The Company has investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. The Company's ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer. 
 
 107 

The following table details investment securities by type of issuance. 
 
 Investment Securities by Type of Issuance 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Amortized Cost (1) 
 Fair Value Amortized 
 Cost (1) 
 Fair Value Publicly issued securities: Fixed maturity securities 71,929 74,171 72,218 75,622 Equity securities 646 646 838 838 Total publicly issued 72,575 74,817 73,056 76,460 Privately issued securities: (2) 
 Fixed maturity securities (3) 
 16,188 17,096 16,290 17,325 Equity securities 162 162 250 250 Total privately issued 16,350 17,258 16,540 17,575 Total investment securities 88,925 92,075 89,596 94,035 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 (2) Primarily consists of securities owned by Aflac Japan 
 (3) Excludes Rule 144A securities 
 
 The following table details the Company's reverse-dual currency securities. 
 
 Reverse-Dual Currency Securities (1) 
 (Amortized cost, in millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Privately issued reverse-dual currency securities 3,729 3,740 Publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities 1,224 1,232 Total reverse-dual currency securities 4,953 4,972 Reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment securities 5.6 5.5 
 (1) Principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars 
 
 Aflac Japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on Japanese government or other public corporate bonds. Aflac Japan s investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-Japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing the Company to improve asset/liability matching and overall investment returns. These securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. Many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. These may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of the Company's notes. 

HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
 
 The Company uses derivative contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. The Company uses various strategies, including derivatives, to manage these risks. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in the 2023 Annual Report for more information about market risk and the Company s use of derivatives. 
 108 

Derivatives are designed to reduce risk on an economic basis while minimizing the impact on financial results. The Company s derivatives programs vary depending on the type of risk being hedged. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for: 
 
 A description of the Company's derivatives, hedging strategies and underlying risk exposure. 
 Information about the notional amount and fair market value of the Company's derivatives. 
 The unrealized and realized gains and losses impact on adjusted earnings of derivatives in cash flow, fair value, net investments in foreign operations, or non-qualifying hedging relationships. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Hedge Program 
 The Company has deployed the following hedging strategies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk: 
 
 Aflac Japan hedges U.S. dollar-denominated investments back to yen (see Aflac Japan s U.S. Dollar-Denominated Hedge Program below). 
 
 Aflac Japan maintains certain unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of the Company's investment in Aflac Japan (see Aflac Japan s U.S. Dollar-Denominated Hedge Program below). 
 
 The Parent Company designates yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments and designates certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the Company s net investment in Aflac Japan see Enterprise Corporate Hedging Program below) . 
 
 The Parent Company enters into forward and option contracts to accomplish a dual objective of hedging foreign currency exchange rate risk related to dividend payments by its subsidiary, ALIJ, and reducing enterprise-wide hedge costs see Enterprise Corporate Hedging Program below ). 

The following table presents metrics related to Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated hedge program and the Parent Company's enterprise corporate hedging program, including associated amortized hedge costs/income, for the periods ended September 30. See the Results of Operations section of this MD A for the Company's definition of amortized hedge costs/income. 
 Three Months Nine Months 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Aflac Japan: FX Forwards FX forward (sell USD, buy yen) notional at end of period (in billions) (1) 
 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 Amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions) 0 (10) 1 (94) FX Options FX option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1) 
 24.7 24.4 24.7 24.4 Amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions) (7) (16) (20) (54) Corporate and other (Parent Company): FX Forwards FX forward (buy USD, sell yen) notional at end of period (in billions) (1) 
 1.9 2.4 1.9 2.4 Amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions) 25 29 87 99 FX Options FX option notional at the end of period (in billions) (1) 
 0.0 0.9 0.0 0.9 Amortized hedge income (cost) for period (in millions) 0 (4) 0 (7) 
 (1) Notional is reported net of any offsetting positions within Aflac Japan or the Parent Company, respectively. 
 
 Amortized hedge costs/income can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, changes in both U.S. and Japan interest rates, and supply and demand for dollar funding. Amortized hedge costs/income have fluctuated in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors. 
 
 109 

Aflac Japan s U.S. Dollar-Denominated Hedge Program (U.S. Dollar Program) 
 
 Aflac Japan buys U.S. dollar-denominated investments, typically corporate bonds, and hedges them back to yen with foreign currency forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. This economically creates yen assets that match yen liabilities during the life of the derivative and provides favorable capital treatment under the Japan solvency margin ratio (SMR) calculations. The currency risk being hedged is generally based on fair value of hedged investments. The following table summarizes the U.S. dollar-denominated investments held by Aflac Japan. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In millions) Amortized Cost (1) 
 Fair Value Amortized 
 Cost (1) 
 Fair Value Available-for-sale securities: Fixed maturity securities 11,792 13,700 10,924 12,918 Equity securities 22 22 22 22 Commercial mortgage and other loans: Transitional real estate loans (floating rate) 4,128 4,103 4,795 4,829 Commercial mortgage loans 933 854 1,075 948 Middle market loans (floating rate) 3,950 3,876 4,095 4,065 Other loans 145 146 112 111 Other investments 4,662 4,662 2,361 2,361 Total U.S. Dollar Program 25,632 27,363 23,384 25,254 Available-for-sale securities: Fixed maturity securities - economically converted to yen 2,063 2,957 2,081 2,902 Total U.S. dollar-denominated investments in Aflac Japan 27,695 30,320 25,465 28,156 
 (1) Net of allowance for credit losses 
 
 The U.S. Dollar Program includes all U.S. dollar-denominated investments in Aflac Japan other than the investments in certain consolidated VIEs where the instrument is economically converted to yen as a result of a derivative in the consolidated VIE. The Company uses one-sided foreign currency put options to mitigate the settlement risk on U.S. dollar-denominated assets related to extreme foreign currency rate changes. From time to time, Aflac Japan also maintains a collar program on a portion of its U.S. Dollar Program to mitigate against more extreme moves in foreign exchange and therefore support SMR. As of September 30, 2024, some of the Company's foreign currency options hedging Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar-denominated assets were in-the-money. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of Aflac Japan's unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated portfolio was 648 million (excluding certain U.S. dollar-denominated assets shown in the table above as a result of consolidation that have been economically converted to yen using derivatives). 
 
 Foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. The following table presents the settlements associated with the Company's currency derivatives used for hedging Aflac Japan s U.S. dollar-denominated investments. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash inflows (outflows) (8) (10) (423) (589) 
 
 110 

Enterprise Corporate Hedging Program 
 
 The Company has designated certain yen-denominated liabilities and foreign currency forwards and options of the Parent Company as accounting hedges of its net investment in Aflac Japan. The Company's consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at 6.5 billion as of September 30, 2024, with hedging instruments comprised of 4.6 billion of yen-denominated debt and 1.9 billion of foreign currency forwards, compared with 6.8 billion as of December 31, 2023, with hedging instruments comprised of 3.7 billion of yen-denominated debt and 3.1 billion of foreign currency forwards and options . 
 
 The Company makes its accounting designation of net investment hedge at the beginning of each quarter. If the total of the designated Parent Company non-derivative and derivative notional is equal to or less than the Company's net investment in Aflac Japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the currency exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. The Company's net investment hedge was effective during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For additional information on the Company's net investment hedging strategy, see Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In order to economically mitigate risks associated with the enterprise-wide exposure to the yen and the level and volatility of hedge costs, the Parent Company enters into foreign currency forward and option contracts. By buying U.S. dollars and selling yen, the Parent Company is effectively lowering its overall economic exposure to the yen, while Aflac Japan's U.S. dollar exposure remains reduced as a result of Aflac Japan's U.S. Dollar Program that economically creates yen assets. Among other objectives, this strategy is intended to offset the enterprise-wide amortized hedge costs by generating amortized hedge income. This activity is reported in Corporate and other. The Company continually evaluates the program s efficacy. 
 
 As part of the Company s internal reinsurance platform, Aflac Re enters into foreign currency forwards with the Parent Company, and may enter into such forwards with third parties, to economically manage the currency mismatch between Aflac Re's assets, which are mostly denominated in U.S. dollars, and liabilities, which are mostly denominated in yen, in order to support and optimize Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA) capital requirements. For additional information on the Company's internal reinsurance platform, see Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of this MD A and Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Hedge Program 
 
 Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. use interest rate swaps from time to time to mitigate the risk of investment income volatility for certain variable-rate investments. Additionally, to manage interest rate risk associated with its U.S. dollar-denominated investments held by Aflac Japan, from time to time the Company utilizes interest rate swaptions. 
 
 For additional discussion of the risks associated with the foreign currency exposure refer to the Currency Risk section in Item 7A., Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, and Item 1A, specifically to the Risk Factors titled The Company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and Lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity" in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's hedging activities. 

DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS 
 The following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) by segment. 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Aflac Japan 5,616 5,559 1.0 (1) 
 Aflac U.S. 3,616 3,573 1.2 Total 9,232 9,132 1.1 
 (1) Aflac Japan s deferred policy acquisition costs increased 1.7 in yen during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 111 

See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's deferred policy acquisition costs. 

POLICY LIABILITIES 
 The following table presents policy liabilities by segment. 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Aflac Japan 76,927 81,167 (5.2) (1) 
 Aflac U.S. 11,749 11,600 1.3 Corporate and other 3,750 3,979 (5.8) Intercompany eliminations (2) 
 (4,872) (5,147) (5.3) Total 87,554 91,599 (4.4) 
 (1) Aflac Japan s policy liabilities decreased 4.6 in yen during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Elimination entry necessary due to the internal reinsurance transactions with Aflac Re and to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's policy liabilities. 

BENEFIT PLANS 
 
 Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. have various benefit plans. For additional information on the Company's Japanese and U.S. plans, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report. 

POLICYHOLDER PROTECTION 
 
 Policyholder Protection Corporation 
 
 The Japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. Legislation enacted regarding the framework of the Life Insurance Policyholder Protection Corporation (LIPPC) included government fiscal measures supporting the LIPPC. In March 2022, Japan's Diet passed legislation that extended the government's fiscal support of the LIPPC through March 2027. In March 2022, the LIPPC reached the required balance for the total life industry of 400 billion as specified by its Articles of Incorporation. As a result, additional contributions are not expected to be required unless the balance is reduced due to payments made by the LIPPC to the policyholders of insolvent insurers. Accordingly, Aflac Japan did not recognize an expense for LIPPC assessments for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Guaranty Fund Assessments 
 
 Under U.S. state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. The amount of the guaranty fund assessment that an insurer is assessed is based on its proportionate share of premiums in that state. Guaranty fund assessments for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were immaterial. 
 
 112 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the Company. Capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of the businesses, fund business growth and provide for an ability to withstand adverse circumstances. Financial leverage (leverage) refers to an investment strategy of using debt to increase the potential ROE. The Company targets and actively manages liquidity, capital and leverage in the context of a number of considerations, including: 
 business investment and growth needs 
 strategic growth objectives 
 financial flexibility and obligations 
 capital support for hedging activity 
 a constantly evolving business and economic environment 
 a balanced approach to capital allocation and shareholder deployment. 
 
 The governance framework supporting liquidity, capital, and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital related decisions. 
 
 The Company's cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which have minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure. The target minimum amount for the Parent Company s cash and cash equivalents is approximately 1.8 billion to provide a capital buffer and liquidity support at the holding company. The Company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management. At September 30, 2024, the Company held 5.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents for stress conditions, which includes the Parent Company's target minimum amount of 1.8 billion. 
 
 Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. generate cash flows from their operations and provide the primary sources of liquidity to the Parent Company through management fees and dividends, with Aflac Japan being the largest contributor. The primary uses of cash by the Parent Company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock, interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. 
 The following table presents the amounts provided to the Parent Company for the nine-month periods ended September 30. 
 
 Liquidity Provided by Subsidiaries to Parent Company 
 (In millions) 2024 2023 Management fees paid by subsidiaries 118 109 Dividends declared or paid by subsidiaries 2,559 2,252 
 
 The following table details Aflac Japan remittances, which are included in the totals above, for the nine-month periods ended September 30. 
 Aflac Japan Remittances 
 (In millions of dollars and billions of yen) 2024 2023 Aflac Japan management fees paid to Parent Company 49 48 Aflac Japan dividends declared or paid to Parent Company (in dollars) 2,032 1,777 Aflac Japan dividends declared or paid to Parent Company (in yen) 313.3 250.8 
 
 The Company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the Parent Company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the Company s hedge costs and related potential need for collateral and mitigating against long-term weakening of the Japanese yen. Further, the Company plans to continue to maintain a population of unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investments at Aflac Japan and to consider whether the amount of such investments should be increased or decreased relative to the Company s view of economic equity surplus in Aflac Japan in light of potentially rising hedge costs and other factors. See the Hedging Activities subsection of this MD A for additional information. 
 
 113 

The Company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. For additional information, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7. MD A in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 In addition to cash and cash equivalents, the Company also maintains credit facilities, both intercompany and with external partners, and a number of other available tools to support liquidity needs on a global basis. In September 2024, the Parent Company filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that allows the Company to issue an indefinite amount of debt securities, in one or more series, from time to time until September 2027. The Company believes outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. The Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As part of enterprise-wide capital management and optimization, the Company also utilizes the intercompany reinsurance platform to execute internal reinsurance transactions with Aflac Re. For additional information, see Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements convey its financing arrangements during the periods presented. The Company has not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in its balance sheet or disclosed therein. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. The Company has not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. See Notes 3 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 1, 3, and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report for more information on the Company's securities lending and derivative activities. See Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on the Company's balance sheet. With the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes and the Risk Factors in the 2023 Annual Report entitled, "The Company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "Lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the Company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity," the Company is not aware of any trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in its liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. 
 Consolidated Cash Flows 
 
 The Company consistently generates positive cash flows from operations, and has the ability to adjust cash flow management from other sources of liquidity including reinvestment cash flows and selling investments in order to meet short-term cash needs. 
 
 The Company translates cash flows for Aflac Japan s yen-denominated items into U.S. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. In periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. When the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. 
 
 The following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the nine-month periods ended September 30. 
 (In millions) 2024 2023 Operating activities 2,374 2,608 Investing activities 1,264 1,978 Financing activities (2,402) (2,936) Exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents 70 (91) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 1,306 1,559 
 114 

Operating Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows for the Company's insurance activities come from insurance premiums and investment income. The principal cash outflows are the result of policy claims, operating expenses, income tax, as well as interest expense. As a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. Therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. 
 
 The Company expects its future cash flows from premiums and investment portfolios to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 The Company's investment objectives provide for liquidity primarily through the purchase of publicly traded investment-grade debt securities. Prudent portfolio management dictates that the Company attempts to match the duration of its assets with the duration of its liabilities. Currently, when the Company's fixed maturity securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. However, the long-term nature of the Company's business and its strong cash flows provide the Company with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. From time to time or when market opportunities arise, the Company disposes of selected fixed maturity securities that are available-for-sale to improve the duration matching of assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or rebalance its portfolio. As a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. 
 
 As part of its overall corporate strategy, the Company has committed 400 million to Aflac Ventures, LLC (Aflac Ventures), as opportunities emerge. As of September 30, 2024, of the 400 million committed, approximately 283 million has been deployed. Aflac Ventures is a subsidiary of Aflac Global Ventures, LLC (Aflac Global Ventures) which is reported in Corporate and other. The central mission of Aflac Global Ventures is to support the organic growth and business development needs of Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. Investments are included in equity securities or the other investments line in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As part of an arrangement with Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHLB), Aflac U.S. obtains low-cost funding from FHLB supported by acceptable forms of collateral pledged by Aflac U.S. In the first nine months of 2024, Aflac U.S. borrowed and repaid 325 million under this program. As of September 30, 2024, Aflac U.S. had outstanding borrowings of 640 million reported in its balance sheet. 
 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on certain investment commitments. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends to shareholders and, from time to time, debt issuances and redemptions. 
 
 In April 2024, ALIJ redeemed 30.0 billion of its .963 subordinated bonds due April 2049. 
 
 In March 2024, the Parent Company issued five series of senior notes totaling 75.0 billion through a private placement. The first series, which totaled 18.3 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.600 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2034. The second series, which totaled 15.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.740 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2036. The third series, which totaled 16.5 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.920 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2039. The fourth series, which totaled 5.7 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.160 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2044. The fifth series, which totaled 19.5 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.400 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2054. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company's option (i) in whole at any time or (ii) in part from time to time in an amount not less than 5 of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the notes to be redeemed. 
 
 115 

In March 2024, the Parent Company issued three series of senior notes totaling 48.6 billion through a public debt offering under its U.S. shelf registration statement. The first series, which totaled 13.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.048 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2029. The second series, which totaled 27.9 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.412 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2031. The third series, which totaled 7.7 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.682 per annum, payable semi-annually, and will mature in March 2034. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company s option at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting U.S. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. In addition, the notes maturing in March 2029, March 2031 and March 2034 are redeemable at the Parent Company's option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after December 21, 2028, December 31, 2030 and September 21, 2033, respectively, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the applicable series to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 
 Cash returned to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends was 2.9 billion during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.8 billion during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the nine-month periods ended September 30. 
 
 Treasury Stock Purchased 
 (In millions of dollars and thousands of shares) 2024 2023 Treasury stock purchases 2,050 2,100 Number of shares purchased: Share repurchase program 23,446 30,199 Other 491 360 Total shares purchased 23,937 30,559 
 
 Treasury Stock Issued 
 (In millions of dollars and thousands of shares) 2024 2023 Stock issued from treasury: Cash financing 21 9 Noncash financing 52 46 Total stock issued from treasury 73 55 Number of shares issued 881 967 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, a remaining balance of 54.3 million shares of the Company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. 
 
 Cash dividends paid to shareholders were .50 per share in the third quarter of 2024, compared with .42 per share in the third quarter of 2023. The following table presents the dividend activity for the nine-month periods ended September 30. 
 
 (In millions) 2024 2023 Dividends paid in cash 820 730 Dividends through issuance of treasury shares 31 28 Total dividends to shareholders 851 758 
 
 In October 2024, the board of directors declared the fourth quarter cash dividend of .50 per share, an increase of 19.0 compared with the same period in 2023. The dividend is payable on December 2, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 20, 2024. 
 
 116 

Regulatory Restrictions 
 
 Aflac Japan 
 
 Aflac Japan is required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by Japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the Parent Company. Under these criteria, dividend capacity at the Japan subsidiary is basically defined as total equity excluding common stock and capital reserves (representing statutorily required amounts in Japan) but reduced for net after-tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. These dividend capacity requirements are generally aligned with the SMR. Japan's Financial Services Agency (FSA) maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the SMR. Aflac Japan's SMR is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes; therefore, the Company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity, including the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the Parent Company and Parent Company capital contributions. In the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing SMR to decline, the Company has a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the amount of 100 billion as a capital contingency plan. Additionally, subject to market conditions, the Company expects that it could take action to enter into derivatives on unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investments with foreign currency options or forwards or execute additional internal reinsurance transactions with Aflac Re. See Notes 8 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 The Company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's SMR. For example, the Company employs policy reserve matching (PRM) investment strategies, which is a Japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces SMR interest rate sensitivity since PRM-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. In order for a PRM-designated asset to be held at amortized cost, there are certain criteria that must be maintained. The primary criterion relates to maintaining the duration of designated assets and liabilities within a specified tolerance range. If the duration difference is not maintained within the specified range without rebalancing, then a certain portion of the assets must be reclassified as available-for-sale and held at fair value with any associated unrealized gain or loss recorded in surplus. To rebalance, assets may need to be sold in order to maintain the duration with the specified range, resulting in realizing a gain or loss from the sale. For U.S. GAAP, PRM investments are categorized as available-for-sale. The Company also uses foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its U.S. dollar-denominated investments. See Notes 3, 4 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2023 Annual Report for additional information on the Company's investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Aflac Japan's SMR remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. The Company is committed to maintaining strong capital levels, consistent with maintaining current insurance financial strength and credit ratings. 
 
 The FSA will introduce an economic value-based solvency regime based on the Insurance Capital Standards (ICS) for insurance companies in Japan. The final specifications were published in May 2024 with the new capital regime and initial economic value-based solvency ratio report becoming effective for Aflac Japan's 2025 fiscal year. 
 
 Aflac U.S. 
 
 A life insurance company s statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company s state of domicile. Statutory accounting rules are different from U.S. GAAP and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. The continued long-term growth of the Company's business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of its insurance operations. The Company's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, reduced dividends paid to the Parent Company, capital contributions by the Parent Company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. The NAIC s Risk-based capital (RBC) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. The RBC formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer s operations. As of September 30, 2024, Aflac U.S.'s combined RBC ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. 
 
 Aflac, CAIC and TOIC are domiciled in Nebraska and are subject to its regulations. The maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the Parent Company by Aflac, CAIC and TOIC without prior approval of Nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10 of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. Dividends declared by Aflac during 2024 in excess of 1.1 billion would be considered extraordinary and require such approval. Similar laws apply in New York, the domiciliary jurisdiction of Aflac New York. 
 117 

Corporate and Other 
 
 Aflac Re is licensed by the BMA as a long-term insurer and is subject to the Bermuda Insurance Act of 1978 (Bermuda Insurance Act). Aflac Re is required to file an annual return for its Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement (BSCR) which utilizes an Economic Balance Sheet (EBS) framework to determine Aflac Re s Enhanced Capital Requirement (ECR). Aflac Re is also subject to a Minimum Margin of Solvency (MMS) related to its statutory financial statements. The MMS is equal to the greater of 500,000, 1.5 of the total statutory assets, or 25 of ECR. 
 
 Under the Bermuda Insurance Act, Aflac Re is prohibited from paying dividends in an amount that exceeds 25 of the prior year's statutory capital and surplus without an affidavit stating that Aflac Re will continue to meet its solvency margin. Further, Aflac Re may not reduce its total statutory capital by 15 or more without prior regulatory approval. Additionally, Aflac Re is not permitted to pay any dividends that would cause Aflac Re to fail to meet its minimum capital requirements. 
 
 Other 
 
 For information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Additional Information 
 
 Investors should note that the Company announces material financial information in its SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls. In accordance with SEC guidance, the Company may also use the Investor Relations section of the Company's website (http://investors.aflac.com) to communicate with investors about the Company. It is possible that the financial and other information the Company posts there could be deemed to be material information. The information on the Company's website is not part of this document. Further, the Company's references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles are established primarily by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). In this MD A, references to U.S. GAAP issued by the FASB are derived from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. The estimates that the Company deems to be most critical to an understanding of its results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, DAC, liabilities for future policy benefits, and income taxes. The preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management s analyses and judgments. Calculations of DAC and the liability for future policy benefits require the use of estimates based on actuarial valuation techniques. The application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93 of the Company's assets and 78 of its liabilities are reported as of September 30, 2024, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders equity. Subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results. 
 
 There have been no changes in the items the Company has identified as critical accounting estimates during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section of Item 7. MD A included in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the Company's financial position or results of operations, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 118 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed primarily to the following types of market risks: currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and equity risk. The Company regularly monitors its market risks and uses a variety of strategies to manage its exposure to these market risks. A description of the Company's market risk exposures may be found under Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Part II, Item 7A, of the 2023 Annual Report. There have been no material changes to the Company's market risk exposures from the market risk exposures previously disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the Evaluation Date). Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the third fiscal quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting . 
 119 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Parent Company repurchased shares of its common stock as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs January 1 - January 31 0 0.00 0 77,745,381 February 1 - February 29 5,308,570 78.58 4,859,803 72,885,578 March 1 - March 31 4,424,657 83.34 4,416,656 68,468,922 April 1 - April 30 2,674,130 83.18 2,665,236 65,803,686 May 1 - May 31 3,680,826 86.25 3,678,430 62,125,256 June 1 - June 30 2,956,250 88.72 2,944,026 59,181,230 July 1 - July 31 1,385,917 91.09 1,385,917 57,795,313 August 1 - August 31 1,684,841 104.59 1,684,841 56,110,472 September 1 - September 30 1,821,000 109.15 1,810,629 54,299,843 Total 23,936,191 (1) 
 87.29 23,445,538 54,299,843 (2) 
 
 (1) During the first nine months of 2024, 490,653 shares were purchased in connection with income tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted-share-based awards during the period. 
 (2) The total remaining shares available for purchase at September 30, 2024, are related to a 100,000,000 share repurchase authorization by the board of directors announced in November 2022. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, no directors or executive officers or a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Parent Company's securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408(c). 
 120 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 (a) EXHIBIT INDEX 3.0 
 - Articles of Incorporation, as amended incorporated by reference from Form 10-Q for June 30, 2008, Exhibit 3.0. 3.1 
 - Bylaws of Aflac Incorporated, as amended and restated incorporated by reference from Form 8-K dated November 17, 2023, Exhibit 3.1. 31.1 
 - Certification of CEO dated November 1, 2024, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 - Certification of CFO dated November 1, 2024, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32 
 - Certification of CEO and CFO dated November 1, 2024, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS - XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH - Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL - Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF - Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB - Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE - Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 - Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 121 

Glossary of Selected Terms 
 
 Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company may use certain performance metrics and other terms which are defined below. 
 
 Adjusted Net Investment Income - Net Investment Income adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity and ii) net interest income/expense from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are reclassified from net investment gains and losses to net investment income. The Company considers adjusted net investment income important because it provides a more comprehensive understanding of the costs and income associated with the Company's investments and related hedging strategies. The metric is used in segment reporting as a component of segment profitability. 
 
 Affiliated Corporate Agency Agency in Japan directly affiliated with a specific corporation that sells insurance policies primarily to its employees. 
 
 Annualized Premiums in Force T he amount of gross premium that a policyholder must pay over a full year in order to keep coverage. The growth of net earned premiums (defined below) is directly affected by the change in premiums in force and by the change in weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rates. 
 
 Average Weekly Producer The total number of writing agents who have produced greater than 0.00 during the production week - excluding any manual adjustments - divided by the number of weeks in the time period. The Company believes this metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity. 
 
 Capital Buffer Established dollar amount of liquidity at the Parent Company reserved for injecting capital into the insurance entities or general liquidity support for general expenses at the Parent Company. 
 
 Earnings Per Basic Share Net earnings divided by weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period. 
 
 Earnings Per Diluted Share Net earnings divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period plus the weighted-average shares for the dilutive effect of share-based awards outstanding. 
 
 Group Insurance Insurance issued to a group, such as an employer or trade association, that covers employees or association members and their dependents through certificates of coverage. 

Individual Insurance Insurance issued to an individual with the policy designed to cover that person and his or her dependents. 
 
 In force Policies A count of policies that are active contracts at the end of a period. 
 
 Liquidity Support Internally defined and established dollar amount of liquidity reserved for supporting potential collateral and settlements of derivatives at the Parent Company. 
 
 Net Investment Income The income derived from interest and dividends on invested assets, after deducting investment expenses. 
 
 Net Earned Premiums is a financial measure that appears on the Company's consolidated statements of earnings and in its segment reporting. This measure reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period, reduced by premiums that have been ceded to third parties and increased by premiums assumed through reinsurance. 
 
 New Annualized Premium Sales (sometimes referred to as new sales or sales) An operating measure that is not reflected on the Company's financial statements. New annualized premium sales generally represent annual premiums on policies and riders the Company sold and incremental increases from policy conversions that would be collected over a 12-month period assuming the policies remain in force for that entire period. For Aflac Japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. For Aflac U.S., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are issued during the reporting period. Policy conversions are defined as the positive difference in the annualized premium when a policy upgrades in the current reporting period. The Company believes that this metric is a key indicator of the Company's future source of earnings. 
 
 New Money Yield Gross yields earned on purchases of fixed maturities, loan receivables, and equities. Purchases exclude capitalized interest, securities lending/repurchase agreements, short-term/cash activity, and alternatives. New money yield for equities is based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase. The new money yield for Aflac Japan excludes the impact of any derivatives and associated amortized hedge costs associated with USD-denominated investments. Management uses this metric as a leading indicator of future investment earning potential. 
 
 Operating Ratios Used to evaluate the Company's financial condition and profitability. Examples include: (1) Ratios to total adjusted revenues, which present expenses as a percentage of total revenues and (2) Ratios to total premium, including benefit ratio. 

122 

Premium Persistency Percentage of premiums remaining in force at the end of a period, usually one year, and presented on a trailing 12-month basis. For example, 95 persistency would mean that 95 of the premiums in force at the beginning of the period were still in force at the end of the period. The Company believes that this metric is a key driver of in force levels, which is a key measure of the size of the Company's business and future sources of earnings. 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Earnings Earnings as adjusted earnings before the application of income taxes. This measure is used in the Company's segment reporting. 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Profit Margin Adjusted earnings divided by adjusted revenues, before taxes are applied. This measure is used in the Company's segment reporting. 
 
 Return on Average Invested Assets Net investment income as a percentage of average invested assets during the period. Management uses this metric to demonstrate how the Company's actual net investment income results represent an overall return on the portfolio to provide a more comparative metric as the size of the Company's investment portfolio changes over time. 
 
 Risk-based Capital (RBC) Ratio Statutory adjusted capital divided by statutory required capital. This insurance ratio is based on rules prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) and provides an indication of the amount of statutory capital the insurance company maintains, relative to the inherent risks in the insurer s operations. 
 
 Solvency Margin Ratio (SMR) Solvency margin total divided by one half of the risk total. This insurance ratio is prescribed by the Japan Financial Services Agency (FSA) and is used for all life insurance companies in Japan to measure the adequacy of the company s ability to pay policyholder claims in the event actual risks exceed expected levels. 
 
 Statutory Earnings Earnings determined according to accounting rules prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company s state of domicile. These statutory accounting rules are different from U.S. GAAP and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. 
 
 Weighted-Average Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Japan segment operating earnings for the period (excluding hedge costs) in yen divided by Japan segment operating earnings for the period (excluding hedge costs) in dollars. Management uses this metric to evaluate and determine consolidated results on foreign currency effective basis. 

123 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Aflac Incorporated November 1, 2024 /s/ Max K. Brod n 
 (Max K. Brod n) Executive Vice President; Chief Financial Officer November 1, 2024 /s/ Robin L. Blackmon 
 (Robin L. Blackmon) Senior Vice President, Financial Services; Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 124 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 afl93024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Aflac Incorporated 3rd Quarter 2024 Form 10-Q 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Daniel P. Amos, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aflac Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 s Daniel P. Amos 
 Daniel P. Amos Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 afl93024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Aflac Incorporated 3rd Quarter 2024 Form 10-Q 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Max K. Brod n, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aflac Incorporated 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 1, 2024 s Max K. Brod n Max K. Brod n Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 afl93024ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Aflac Incorporated 3rd Quarter 2024 Form 10-Q 
 EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aflac Incorporated (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Daniel P. Amos, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Max K. Brod n, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Daniel P. Amos 
 Name Daniel P. Amos Title Chief Executive Officer Date November 1, 2024 
 
 s Max K. Brod n 
 Name Max K. Brod n Title Chief Financial Officer Date November 1, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 afl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 afl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 afl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 afl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 afl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

