<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1879814_0001410578-24-002027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5583564</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114043</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>956431</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1554313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1216194</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1653256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-002027.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-002027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TLGY ACQUISITION CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001879814
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				981603634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41101
		FILM NUMBER:		241476045

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED, P.O.B
		STREET 2:		P.O.B. 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		302-499-4656

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FLAT A, 6/F, HO LEE COMMERCIAL BUILDING,
		STREET 2:		38-44 D'AGUILAR STREET, CENTRAL
		CITY:			HONG KONG SAR
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			19807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TLGY Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-002027.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 tlgyu-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 oration (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The The The Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 19, 2024, there were a total of ordinary shares, comprising Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED September 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 1 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 1 Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 2 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 3 Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements 5 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 31 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 31 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 1A. Risk Factors 32 Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 32 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 32 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 32 Item 5. Other Information 32 Item 6. Exhibits 33 SIGNATURES 34 

 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Cash and investments held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued offering costs Advances from related party Convertible promissory note payable - sponsor Convertible promissory note payable third party Convertible promissory note payable CPC Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Derivative warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting commission Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value of at September 30, 2024 and shares at redemption value of at December 31, 2023) Shareholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders Deficit ) ) LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months For the Nine Months Ended Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 EXPENSES Administrative fee - related party General and administrative TOTAL EXPENSES OTHER INCOME (LOSS) Income earned on Cash and Investments held in Trust Account Forgiveness of debt Change in fair value of derivative liabilities ) ) TOTAL OTHER INCOME Net income Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Weighted average number of shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income per Class B ordinary share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED) 

Class B Additional Ordinary Shares Paid-In Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Current period remeasurement to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of March 31, 2024, as restated (unaudited) ) ) Current period remeasurement to redemption value ) ) Underwriter fee waiver Net income Balance as of June 30, 2024 (unaudited) ) ) Current period remeasurement to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) ) ) 

Class B Additional Ordinary Shares Paid-In Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Current period remeasurement to redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of March 31, 2023, as restated (unaudited) ) ) Current period remeasurement to redemption value ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023, as restated (unaudited) ) ) Current period remeasurement redemption value ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023, as restated (unaudited) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 

For the For the Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Income earned on cash and investments held in the Trust Account ) ) Loss on change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Forgiveness of debt ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Changes in accrued offering costs ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net Cash Used In Operating Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash deposited into Trust Account ) ) Cash withdrawn from Trust Account Net Cash Provided By Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Redemptions of Class A ordinary shares ) ) Proceeds from promissory note third party Proceeds from convertible promissory note - CPC Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party Net Cash Used In Financing Activities ) ) Net change in cash ) ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Partial waiver of deferred underwriting commission The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT S SEPTEMBER 30,2024 (UNAUDITED) or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from May 21, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, since the completion of our Initial Public Offering, searching for a target to consummate an initial business combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 30, 2021. On December 3, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to TLGY Sponsors LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On December 8, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of an additional Units (the Option Units at per Option Unit, pursuant to the underwriters exercise in full of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . The Company also consummated the closing of the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of , to the Sponsor in respect of its obligation to purchase such additional Private Placement Warrants upon the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable Deferred Underwriting Fees (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account )) and of other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account on September 30, 2024 and was available for working capital purposes. As described below, in May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho Waiver ), pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to waive the Deferred Underwriting Fees and agreed to a forfeiture of all Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. The Company believes that Mizuho was acting as a representative of all of the underwriters on the IPO, however, as a precautionary effort, the Company is in the process of obtaining a written confirmation from all other underwriters on the IPO, to confirm that the Deferred Underwriting Fees were waived under the Mizuho Waiver. The Company intends to receive this waiver during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480). All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ). In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination by December 16, 2024 (or up to April 16, 2025 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Verde Bioresins Merger Agreement The Company and the Sponsor previously entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended (the Merger Agreement) on June 21, 2023, as amended on August 11, 2023, with Virgo Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Verde Bioresins, Inc., a Delaware corporation Verde ). On March 12, 2024, the Company received a termination notice (the Termination Notice from Verde stating that Verde was exercising its right to terminate the Merger Agreement (the Termination and all ancillary agreements, pursuant to Section 10.01(c) of the Merger Agreement. On March 18, 2024, the Company responded to the Termination Notice and agreed to a termination of the Merger Agreement, but disputed the grounds for the termination of the Merger Agreement. As a result of the agreed upon termination of the Merger Agreement, the Acquiror Support Agreement entered among the Company, Verde and the Sponsor dated June 21, 2023, the Company Support Agreement between Humanitario Capital LLC, the Company and Verde dated June 21, 2023, and Sponsor Share Restriction Agreement entered among the Company, Verde and the Sponsor dated June 21, 2023, automatically terminated. The Company intends to continue evaluating other possible business combination targets. Changes in Control of Registrant On April 16, 2024, the Company, the Sponsor, TLGY Holdings LLC, which is the holding company of the Sponsor, CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP, together, the CPC Funds ), the CPC Funds being current stakeholders of economic interests in the Sponsor, entered into a securities transfer agreement Securities Transfer Agreement ), pursuant to which, at a closing on June 19, 2024 (the Closing ), CPC Funds, for an aggregate purchase price of (the Purchase Price ), (i) purchased Class B ordinary shares of the Company (the Founder Shares from the Sponsor, certain investors who held the Founder Shares, and three present or previous independent directors of the Company, and (ii) purchased warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share Private Placement Warrants from the Sponsor (the Securities Transfer Transaction ). Following the completion of the Securities Transfer Transaction, CPC Funds held and controlled Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, which represents approximately of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Company, assuming the cancellation of Class B ordinary shares held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC as required by the Securities Transfer Agreement, and as such the CPC Funds are able to control the election of the Company s board of directors, and ultimately, the direction of the Company until its initial business combination, if any. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 and a working capital deficit of . In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management is satisfied that Sponsor has committed, but not obliged, to provide fund in form of working capital loan for the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, though no assurance can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately be available. Management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination by December 16, 2024 (or up to April 16, 2025 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association), the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. Additionally, management has determined that the Combination Period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. This, coupled with the current liquidity condition of the Company, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, this factor raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 9 

Table of Contents 

10 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively held outside the Trust Account. The Company did t have any cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. million and million in investments held in the Trust Account, respectively. The Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 consisted principally of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These offering costs, together with the underwriter fees of (or paid in cash upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and a deferred fee of Deferred Underwriting Fees )), were allocated between temporary equity, the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants in a relative fair value method upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Of these costs, were allocated to the Public Warrants and to the Private Placement Warrants and are charged to the statements of operations. In addition, the Company recorded the fair value of (net of consideration) for an aggregate of Class B shares transferred to Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho ), the representative of the underwriters and Class B shares transferred to Centaury Management Ltd., an investor in the Sponsor, each transferred upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As described below, in May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho Waiver ), pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to waive the Deferred Underwriting Fees and agreed to a forfeiture of all Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. The Company believes that Mizuho was acting as a representative of all of the underwriters on the IPO, however, as a precautionary effort, the Company is in the process of obtaining a written confirmation from all other underwriters on the IPO, to confirm that the Deferred Underwriting Fees were waived under the Mizuho Waiver. The Company intends to receive this waiver during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. and Class A ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption in the amount of and at redemption value per Public Share are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a measurement adjustment of and , respectively, to increase to redemption value. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Non-redeemable ordinary shares (1) Numerator: Allocation of net income Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Class B Ordinary Shares 

For the Nine Months For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Class A Redeemable ordinary shares Numerator: Allocation of net income Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Non-redeemable ordinary shares Numerator: Allocation of net income Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income per Class B Ordinary Shares 

 (1) In May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho ), one of the underwriters of the Company s Initial Public Offering, pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to a forfeiture of all Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 

 14 

Table of Contents 

15 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to the Company in the total amount of , which includes the full exercise of the underwriter over-allotment option generating gross proceeds of to the Company. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A common shares ), and one -half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Company will effect a distribution of a number of warrants equal to warrants, which is -fourth of common shares issued on IPO, on a pro-rata basis only to holders of record of Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering (whether such shares were acquired during or after the Initial Public Offering) that remain outstanding after the Company redeems any Class A ordinary shares that the holders thereof have elected to redeem in connection with the Company s initial business combination. Public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights are not entitled to receive any distribution of distributable redeemable warrants in respect of such redeemed public shares. The number of distributable redeemable warrants to be distributed in respect of each public share is contingent upon the aggregate number of public shares that are redeemed in connection with the Company s initial business combination but in no event will be less than one-fourth of a distributable redeemable warrant per Class A ordinary share that is not redeemed. The contingent rights to receive distributable redeemable warrants will remain attached to the Class A ordinary shares, will not be separately transferable, assignable or salable, and will not be evidenced by any certificate or instrument. See Note 8. warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares in exchange for cash paid on behalf of the Company of . On August 7, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited Founder Shares for no consideration, following which the Sponsor holds Founder Shares. On November 30, 2021, the Company effected a further issuance of founder shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. Upon the exercise of the over-allotment option, these shares are longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Class B ordinary shares to each of the three independent directors, at an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded share-based compensation of to the statements of operations for services rendered. As described in Note 1, pursuant to the Securities Transfer Agreement and at a closing on June 19, 2024, CPC Funds (i) purchased Founder Shares from the Sponsor, certain investors who held the Founder Shares, and three present or previous independent directors of the Company, and (ii) purchased Private Placement Warrants from the Sponsor. Following the completion of the Securities Transfer Transaction, CPC Funds held and controlled Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants. General and Administrative Services Commencing on November 30, 2021, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. On June 19, 2024, the Company and its Sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Termination Letter terminating the Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Termination Letter, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to irrevocably release, waive, and forever discharge the Company and its successors or assigns, the Sponsor and its members, directors, advisors, officers and its holding company, from any and all actions, compensations, fees and expenses, obligations and claims of all types and nature, including all sums that may be or have been accrued or outstanding, arising from or in connection with the Administrative Services Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, pursuant to the administrative services agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was due to related party in connection with the administrative service agreement. Convertible Promissory Note i) Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of its officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On each of April 24, 2023 (the 2023 April Promissory Note and August 10, 2023 (the 2023 August Promissory Note ), the Company issued an unsecured working capital promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of and , respectively. Both of these promissory notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement between the Company and Verde. The Merger Agreement was terminated in March 2024. On May 1, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured working capital promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of (the 2024 May Working Capital Promissory Note ). This 2024 May Working Capital Promissory Notes is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (the IPO (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively (the 2024 July Working Capital Promissory Notes, and each a 2024 July Working Capital Promissory Note ). Both 2024 July Working Capital Promissory Notes are non - interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (the IPO (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination (the Maturity Date ). The principal balance of the 2024 July Working Capital Promissory Notes may be prepaid at any time by the Lenders at their election and without penalty. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was and respectively, outstanding of the working capital loans. As of September 30, 2024, CPC Sponsor Opportunities provided the Company an aggregated of funding loans. ii) Time Extension Funding Loans In order to extend the Company s time period for consummating a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of its officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes its Business Combination, the Company will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Business Combination does not close, no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay such time extension funding loaned amounts. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company will not repay such time extension funding loans. Up to of loans made to extend the time period for consummating an initial business combination may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender (the Extension Loans ). Such warrants are identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of a Business Combination, the Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2024, was deposited as Company Extension Loan into the Trust Account by Verde (as defined above) pursuant to the Merger Agreement (as defined above), whereunder Verde agreed to finance the extension of the Company s Termination Date not exceeding per month. The Company Extension Loans are evidence by promissory notes. Verde may elect to convert all (but not less than all) of the principal balance of the promissory notes, upon consummation of an initial business combination by the Company with Verde and prior to the Company s first payment of all or any portion of the principal balance of the promissory note in cash, at Verde s option. As a result of the Termination Agreement entered into on March 18, 2024, the conversion options on Verde s extension loans were terminated. Therefore, the entirety of the amount loaned by Verde was reclassed as a third-party promissory note and is appropriately classified as such on the accompanying balance sheets. On May 4, 2024, Verde entered into a mutual release agreement with the Company, Merger Sub and the Sponsor, pursuant to which, a mutual release, waiver and discharge was agreed in respect of all claims and obligations arising out of or relating to the Termination, the Merger Agreement and all ancillary agreements and that all payments made by Verde for extending the period of time to consummate a business combination by the Company shall not be repayable by the Company to Verde and all promissory notes issued by the Company to Verde shall be deemed to have been voided and cancelled. Solely in the event of a consummation by the Company of its initial business combination, the Company shall pay Verde a sum of , as full and final payment. On April 18, 2024, in order to deposit the monthly extension payment to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from April 17, 2024 to May 16, 2024, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to each of the Sponsor, CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (the 2024 April Extension Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company was provided , and , respectively. These 2024 April Extension Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. These 2024 May Extension Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. On June 16, 2024, in order to deposit the monthly extension payment to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from June 17, 2024 to July 16, 2024, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to each of CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (the 2024 June Extension Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company were provided and , respectively. These 2024 June Extension Promissory Notes were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s Initial Public Offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. On July 15, 2024, in order to deposit the monthly extension payment to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from July 17, 2024 to August 16, 2024 the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to each of CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (the 2024 July Extension Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company was provided and , respectively. These 2024 July Extension Promissory Notes were non - interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. On August 12, 2024, in order to deposit the monthly extension payment to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from August 17, 2024 to September 16, 2024 the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to each of CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (the 2024 August Extension Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company was provided and , respectively. These 2024 August Extension Promissory Notes was non - interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. On September 16, 2024, in order to deposit the monthly extension payment to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from September 17, 2024 to October 16, 2024 the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to each of CPC Sponsor Opportunities I, LP and CPC Sponsor Opportunities I (Parallel), LP (the 2024 September Extension Promissory Notes ), pursuant to which the Company was provided and , respectively. These 2024 September Extension Promissory Notes was non - interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and outstanding balance under the extension loans. As of September 30, 2024, CPC Sponsor Opportunities provided the Company an aggregated of funding loans. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a -day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December 3, 2021, concurrent with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (regardless of whether the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase additional units is exercised in full), which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On December 8, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of an additional Option Units at per Option Unit, pursuant to the underwriters exercise in full of their over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds of . The Company recorded an additional deferred fee of to be paid upon completion of a Business Combination. Concurrent with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to Centaury Management Ltd., an investor in the Sponsor, at an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. The Sponsor also transferred Class B ordinary shares to Mizuho Securities USA LLC, the representative of the underwriters, at an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share (the Representative s Shares ). The Company thus recorded additional transaction costs of , the grant date fair value of the shares net of consideration received. The Representative s Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of the FINRA Manual. In May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho Waiver ), pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to waive the Deferred Underwriting Fees and agreed to a forfeiture of all Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. The Company believes that Mizuho was acting as a representative of all of the underwriters on the IPO, however, as a precautionary effort, the Company is in the process of obtaining a written confirmation from all other underwriters on the IPO, to confirm that the Deferred Underwriting Fees were waived under the Mizuho Waiver. The Company intends to receive this waiver during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 , as full and final payment. shares of preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares and respectively, of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding , respectively, including and shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. The IPO Units include a contingent right (See Note 3). Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. On November 30, 2021, the Company effected a further issuance of Founder Shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. In May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho ), one of the underwriters of the Company s Initial Public Offering, pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to a forfeiture of all Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of ordinary shares, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with a Business Combination, the Company may enter into a shareholder s agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The shares of Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B ordinary shares shall convert into shares of Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A ordinary shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to the Company in a Business Combination. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary share is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption, or the redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant provided that the holder will be able to exercise their warrants on cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption; 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Company accounts for the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record a derivative liability upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Accordingly, the Company classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value and the warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value determined by the Monte Carlo simulation. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the derivative warrant liability was and , respectively. 1 Liabilities: Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 3 3 Warrant liability Public Warrants 1 1 The Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities on the balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. Upon issuance, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Public Warrants and a modified Black-Scholes model to value the Private Placement Warrants. The Company allocated the proceeds received from (i) the sale of Units (which is inclusive of Class A ordinary share and one -half of one Public Warrant), (ii) the sale of Private Warrants, and (iii) the issuance of Class B ordinary shares, first to the warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (temporary equity) and Class B ordinary shares (permanent equity) based on their relative fair values at the initial measurement date. Upon issuance, the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 per warrant, was used as the fair value as of the relevant date. The terms of the Private Placement Warrants are analogous to the Public Warrants with the exception that they are not redeemable. As such, these warrants were valued using a modified Black-Scholes model. The table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities Balance, September 30, 2024 The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model and the modified Black-Scholes model to value the derivative warrant liabilities were as follows: Exercise price Risk-free interest rate Expected life of warrants years years Expected volatility of underlying shares de minimis de minimis Dividend yield Probability of business combination As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the derivative warrant liability was and , respectively. In addition, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a gain on the change in fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities on the statements of operations of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a loss on the change in fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities on the statements of operations of and , respectively. and , respectively. These 2024 October Extension Promissory Notes was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. These 2024 November Extension Promissory Notes was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) months from the closing of the Company s initial public offering (or such later date as may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association), or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination. Extensions to Complete the Initial Business Combination On October 16, 2024, the Company notified Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company of its intention to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination by an additional month for the period from October 17, 2024 to November 16, 2024, subject to the Company s sponsor or its affiliates or designees depositing into the trust account. On October 16, 2024, the Company s sponsor or its affiliates or designees deposited into the trust account and as a result the Termination Date was extended by one month until November 16, 2024. On November 11, 2024, the Company notified Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company of its intention to extend the period of time that the Company has to complete its initial business combination (the Termination Date by an additional month for the period from November 17, 2024 to December 16, 2024, subject to the Company s sponsor or its affiliates or designees depositing into the trust account. On November 15, 2024, the Company s sponsor or its affiliates or designees deposited into the trust account and as a result the Termination Date was extended by one month until December 16, 2024. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References in this quarterly report (the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to we, us or the Company refer to TLGY Acquisition Corporation. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor refer to TLGY Sponsors LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on December 3, 2021 and the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward- looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Recent Developments Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on May 21, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not entered into a business combination agreement with any specific business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our IPO or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, since the completion of our Initial Public Offering, searching for a target to consummate an initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had net income of 1,197,813 which was primarily due to the interest income on funds held in Trust of 561,391 and a gain in the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 928,588, partially offset by general and administrative costs of 292,166. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of 3,099,144 which was primarily due to general and administrative costs of 471,360, partially offset by change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 2,544,860 and interest income on funds held in Trust of 1,025,644. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net income 1,500,153 which was primarily due to the interest income on funds held in Trust of 2,088,627 and forgiveness of debt of 608,776 partially offset by a loss in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 193,456, administration fees related party of 60,000, and general and administrative costs of 943,794. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of 2,347,751, which was primarily due to a loss in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 526,672 and general and administrative expenses of 1,293,825, partially offset by interest income on funds held in Trust of 4,168,248. Liquidity and Capital Resources On December 3, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 20,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, we consummated the sale of 10,659,500 private placement warrants to our sponsor at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant generating gross proceeds of 10,659,500. On December 8, 2021, we consummated the closing of the sale of an additional 3,000,000 Option Units at 10.00 per Option Unit, pursuant to the full exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters of our IPO, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. We also consummated the closing of the sale of an additional 600,000 private placement warrants at 1.00 per private placement warrant Additional Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 600,000. An aggregate of 234,600,000 of the proceeds from our IPO (including the Option Units) and the private placement with our sponsor (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) was placed in the trust account. We incurred 14,183,689 in transaction costs, including 4,000,000 of underwriting fees paid at our IPO, 8,650,000 of deferred underwriting fees (the Deferred Underwriting Fees and 1,533,689 of offering expenses. In May 2024, we entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho Waiver ), pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to waive the Deferred Underwriting Fees and agreed to a forfeiture of all 300,300 Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. We believe that Mizuho was acting as a representative of all of the underwriters on the IPO, however, as a precautionary effort, we are in the process of obtaining a written confirmation from all other underwriters on the IPO, to confirm that the Deferred Underwriting Fees were waived under the Mizuho Waiver. We intend to receive this waiver during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the 300,300 Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. On February 27, 2023, the Company reported in a Form 8-K, amongst others, that following the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on February 23, 2023, approving the amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 15,681,818 ordinary shares of the Company were rendered for redemption. The ordinary shares were redeemed at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account deposits (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding ordinary share. The per-share redemption amount has been calculated to be approximately 10.40 per share. On October 19, 2023, the Company reported in a Form 8-K that following the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on October 17, 2023, approving a further amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 1,395,317 ordinary shares of the Company were rendered for redemption. The ordinary shares were redeemed at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account deposits (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding ordinary share. The per-share redemption amount has been calculated to be approximately 10.96 per share. On April 16, 2024, the Company reported in a Form 8-K that following the extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on April 16, 2024, approving a further amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 2,205,658 ordinary shares of the Company were rendered for redemption. The ordinary shares were redeemed at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust Account deposits (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding ordinary share. The per-share redemption amount has been calculated to be approximately 11.33 per share. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and investments held in the trust account of 43,642,805. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if any. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash held outside the trust account of 6,720. We intend to use these funds to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of 6,720 and a working capital deficit of 4,127,121. We are satisfied that the Sponsor has committed, but not obliged, to provide funds in form or working capital loans for our working capital needs until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have determined that if we are unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination by April 16, 2025, the requirement that we cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally, we have determined that the Combination Period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, this factor raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. Off-balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations other than obligations disclosed herein. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and loans made to extend our time period for consummating an initial business combination (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on November 30, 2021, as supplemented by a joinder to the registration rights agreement on June 20, 2024, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Underwriting Agreement The underwriters of our IPO were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 4,000,000, which was paid at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO of 20,000,000 units and underwriting commissions of 5.5 of the gross proceeds of the over-allotment option units of 3,000,000 units, or 8,650,000 in aggregate (the Deferred Underwriting Fees ), which will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account upon and concurrently with the completion of our initial business combination. In May 2024, the Company entered into a certain waiver with Mizuho Securities USA LLC Mizuho Waiver ), pursuant to which Mizuho agreed to waive the Deferred Underwriting Fees and agreed to a forfeiture of all 300,300 Class B ordinary shares acquired by it at the time of, and deemed compensation for, the IPO. The Company believes that Mizuho was acting as a representative of all of the underwriters on the IPO, however, as a precautionary effort, the Company is in the process of obtaining a written confirmation from all other underwriters on the IPO, to confirm that the Deferred Underwriting Fees were waived under the Mizuho Waiver. The Company intends to receive this waiver during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the forfeiture of the 300,300 Class B ordinary shares has not yet been completed. Legal Fees The Company has an agreement in place whereby if its prior legal counsel for the Company s IPO assists in the initial business combination, payment of their charges plus a success premium to be agreed is contingent on a successful de-SPAC closing or recovery under certain cost coverage provisions in the merger agreement. In connection with the Securities Transfer Transaction, the Company entered into a waiver with the Company s prior legal counsel. Pursuant to the waiver, the Company shall pay its prior legal counsel a sum of 130,000 as full and final payment for all remaining costs and expenses of all kinds and nature incurred under and pursuant to their engagement, solely in the event of a consummation by the Company of its initial business combination. In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, this fee will not be recorded until such time as a Business Combination is consummated. Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies: The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting estimates and policies: A critical accounting estimate to our financial statements is the estimated fair value of our warrant liability and convertible notes. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 

29 

Table of Contents 
 Warrant Liabilities We account for the warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. These liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statements of operations. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The public warrants for periods where no observable trade price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the public warrants from the Units, the public warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. The fair value of the private placement warrants was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton model. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. Net Income per Ordinary Share Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The net income is allocated to each class of shares using an allocation of total shares, which is then divided by the total shares for the respective class. We did not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering and the private placement in the calculation of diluted loss per share because their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from loss per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Bureau FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Since June 2016, FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting companies. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on its financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 JOBS Act The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of the independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of September 30, 2024, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to our accounting for complex financial instruments, as previously disclosed in our Form 10-K/A. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our condensed financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the condensed financial statements included in this Quarterly Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. Risk Factors Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our final prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021, our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering on December 3, 2022, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,659,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 10,659,500 in the aggregate, in a private placement. On December 8, 2021, we consummated the closing of the sale of an additional 3,000,000 Option Units at 10.00 per Option Unit, pursuant to the full exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of 30,000,000. We also consummated the closing of the sale of an additional 600,000 Additional Private Placement Warrants at 1.00 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 600,000. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by us, (ii) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants), (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. We paid a total of 4,000,000 in underwriting fees and 1,533,689 for other costs and expenses related to our Initial Public Offering. An aggregate of 234,600,000 of the proceeds from our Initial Public Offering (including the Option Units) and the private placement with the Sponsor (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) was placed in the trust account. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our Initial Public Offering as described in our final prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information . 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021. 3.2 Copy of the special resolution amending Article 49.7 of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, adopted by shareholders of the Company on February 23, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023. 3.3 Copy of the special resolution amending Article 49.7 of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, adopted by shareholders of the Company on October 17, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2023. 3.4 Copy of the special resolution amending Article 49.7 of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, adopted by shareholders of the Company on April 16, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024. 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Vikas Desai Name: Vikas Desai Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

TLGY ACQUISITION CORPORATION Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Merrick Friedman Name: Merrick Friedman Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

 34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tlgyu-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Vikas Desai, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of TLGY Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ Vikas Desai Date: November 19, 2024 Vikas Desai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tlgyu-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Merrick Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 of TLGY Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. By: /s/ Merrick Friedman Date: November 19, 2024 Merrick Friedman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tlgyu-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TLGY Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vikas Desai, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: /s/ Vikas Desai Date: November 19, 2024 Vikas Desai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tlgyu-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TLGY Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Merrick Friedman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: /s/ Merrick Friedman Date: November 19, 2024 Merrick Friedman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tlgyu-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tlgyu-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tlgyu-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tlgyu-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

