<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1774170_0001628280-24-047133.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9887334</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159801</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1692824</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3429556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2281632</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2104682</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047133.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Powerfleet, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001774170
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				834366463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39080
		FILM NUMBER:		241448199

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 TICE BLVD.
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-996-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 TICE BLVD.
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowerFleet, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047133.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 aiot-20240930.htm
 10-Q

aiot-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of the close of business on November 8, 2024 was . 

INDEX 
 
 POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Page Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024 

3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss - for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity - for the periods April 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 and April 1, 2024 through September 30,2024 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - for the six months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 53 
 Part II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 56 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 59 
 Item 6. Exhibits 59 
 S ignatures 
 60 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 March 31, 2024 September 30, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively 
 Inventory, net Deferred costs - current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Right-of-use asset Severance payable fund Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES 
 Current liabilities: Short-term bank debt and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue - current Lease liability - current Total current liabilities Long-term debt - less current maturities Deferred revenue - less current portion Lease liability - less current portion Accrued severance payable Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 22) 
 shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively, at redemption value of at March 31, 2024 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock; authorized shares, par value 
 
 3 

Common stock; authorized shares, par value; and s hares issued at March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively; shares outstanding, and at March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock; and common shares at cost at March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively 
 ) ) Total Powerfleet, Inc. stockholders equity Non-controlling interest Total equity Total liabilities, convertible redeemable preferred stock, and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 2024 2023 2024 Revenues: Products Services Total revenues Cost of revenues: Cost of products Cost of services Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Total operating expenses (Loss)/profit from operations 
 ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Bargain purchase - Movingdots Other (expense)/income, net ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss before non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Non-controlling interest ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Accretion of preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock dividend ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 2024 2023 2024 Net loss attributable to common stockholders Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Treasury Stock Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholder s Equity Number of Shares Amount Balance as of April 1, 2024 ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Foreign currency translation adjustment Issuance of restricted shares ) Shares issued for transaction bonus 
 Shares issued in connection with MiX Combination Acquired through MiX Combination Shares withheld pursuant to vesting of restricted stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Proceeds from private placement, net of costs to issue common stock Exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 

7 

Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Treasury Stock Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholder s Equity Number of Shares Amount Balance as of March 31, 2023 (As Restated) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (As restated) ) ) ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Forfeiture of restricted shares ) Exercise of stock options Shares withheld pursuant to vesting of restricted stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of June 30, 2023 (As restated) 
 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (As restated) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Shares withheld pursuant to vesting of restricted stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance as of September 30, 2023 (As Restated) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Non-controlling interest Gain on bargain purchase ) Inventory reserve Stock based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Right-of-use assets, non-cash lease expense Derivative mark-to-market adjustment ) Bad debts expense Deferred income taxes ) Shares issued for transaction bonuses Lease termination and modification losses 
 Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivables ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Deferred costs ) Deferred revenue ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accrued severance payable, net Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition, net of cash assumed 
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Capitalized software development costs ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Repayment of loan advanced to external parties Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Short-term bank debt, net Purchase of treasury stock upon vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) Payment of preferred stock dividend and redemption of preferred stock ) ) Proceeds from private placement, net 
 
 9 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options, net Cash paid on dividends to affiliates ) Net cash from/(used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at beginning of the period Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at end of the period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, at end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for: Taxes Interest Noncash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for transaction bonus Shares issued in connection with MiX Combination 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

10 

POWERFLEET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 
 In thousands (except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - 

. 
 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company determined that the accounting for the redemption premium associated with its Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock was understated resulting in an understatement of net loss attributable to common stockholders and net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for each period, an understatement of the value of the convertible redeemable preferred stock as of each balance sheet date, and an overstatement of the additional paid-in capital as of each balance sheet date. The required adjustments to correct the redemption value of the calculation of the Series A Preferred Stock and the related accretion of the value of the preferred stock in the consolidated statement of operations included the recording of a non-cash accretion which resulted in an increase in the net loss attributable to common stockholders, an increase in the convertible redeemable preferred stock , and a decrease of additional paid-in capital for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and each of the interim periods during the 2022 and 2023 fiscal years. 
 11 

and for the three-month period ended June 30, 2023 and three-month period ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company had determined that it was appropriate to restate the financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and each of the interim periods during the 2022 and 2023 fiscal years included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report ). In addition, the Company also corrected other unrelated immaterial errors that were previously either unrecorded or recorded as out-of-period adjustments. For additional information refer to Note 2 to the financial statements included in the 2023 Annual Report. 

and working capital of . The Company s primary sources of cash are cash flows from sales of products and services, its holdings of cash, cash equivalents and proceeds from the sale of its capital stock and borrowings under its credit facilities. See Note 13 for additional information on the Company s available credit facilities. 
 
 Management believes the Company s cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of as of September 30, 2024, in conjunction with cash expected to be generated from the execution of its strategic plan over the next 12 months, and proceeds from the Company s credit facilities are sufficient to fund the projected operations for at least the next 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements November 12, 2024) a nd service the Company s outstanding obligations. Such expectation is based, in part, on the achievement of a certain volume of assumed revenue and gross margin; however, there is no guarantee the Company will achieve this amount of revenue and gross margin during the assumed time period. Management assessed various additional operating cost reduction options that are available to the Company and would be implemented, if assumed levels of revenue and gross margin are not achieved and additional funding is not obtained. 

NOTE 2 - 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 12 

in favor of MiX Telematics is an indicator that MiX Telematics is the acquirer, the Company believes that the weight of the indicator is tempered given that the negotiated premium paid by Powerfleet to MiX Telematics contributed to the relative ownership split, and that, qualitatively, the significant reduction in the carryover MiX Telematics institutional investor base would have reduced the legacy MiX Telematics shareholders ability to control the combined entity, particularly in the light of the significant concentration of institutional investors on the Powerfleet side; and 
 While no individual or organized group owns a large minority interest in the combined entity, the Company notes that the largest institutional investor post-transaction is an investor of legacy Powerfleet. Additionally, the Company also notes that, immediately following the closing of the Business Combination, out of the approximately of total shares held by shareholders of legacy Powerfleet were concentrated in the Company s top 20 institutional shareholders, compared to only out of the approximately of total shares held by shareholders of legacy MiX Telematics. 
 
 The acquisition of MiX Telematics and its business will, among other things: 
 create a mobile asset IoT SaaS organization with significant scale, serving all mobile asset types. The increased scale is expected to enable the combined entity to more efficiently serve its customers and create advantages to compete in an industry characterized by the need for high pace of development and innovation; 
 enable the Company to maximize significant cross-sell and upsell opportunities within its large joint customer base due to the joint entity s combined geographical footprint, deep vertical expertise and expanded software solution sets coupled with its extensive direct and indirect sales channel capabilities; and 
 enable the combined organization to accelerate the delivery of top-class solutions with improved competitive advantage by integrating Powerfleet s and MiX Telematics world-class engineering and technology teams. 
 
 as of the Implementation Date, which consisted of the following: 
 
 (in thousands, except for share price and exchange ratio) April 2, 2024 Number of MiX Telematics ordinary shares outstanding Exchange ratio Shares of Powerfleet common stock to be issued for MiX Telematics ordinary shares outstanding Powerfleet stock price Fair value of Powerfleet common stock transferred to MiX Telematics shareholders Replacement of acquiree s equity awards by the acquirer Total fair value of preliminary consideration 
 
 Powerfleet s closing share price on April 2, 2024. 
 The portion of the fair-value-based measure of the replacement award that is part of the consideration transferred in exchange for the acquiree equals the portion of the acquiree award that is attributable to pre-combination vesting. 
 
 Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price 
 
 The purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired was allocated to goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributed to the assembled workforce, expected synergies from future expected economic benefits, including enhanced revenue growth from expanded products and capabilities, as well as substantial cost savings from duplicative overheads, streamlined operations and enhanced efficiency. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill associated with the acquisition has not yet been assigned to the Company s geographical regions pending finalization of the purchase accounting. 

13 

Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Fixed assets, net Intangible assets, net Right-of-use asset Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Short-term bank debt and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue - current Lease liability - current Income taxes payable Lease liability - less current portion Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable net assets acquired Non-controlling interest ) Goodwill Purchase price consideration 
 
 The above fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary and are based on the information that was available as of the reporting date. The Company s allocation of the preliminary purchase price to certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is provisional and the Company will continue to adjust those estimates as additional information pertaining to events or circumstances present at April 2, 2024 becomes available and final valuation and analysis are completed. During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an adjustment of against goodwill. In addition, the Company is still in the process of determining the fair value of acquired assets and assumed liabilities, which may also result in adjustments of the provisional amounts recorded. The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the identifiable assets acquired, have been preliminarily determined using the income and cost approach, and are partially based on inputs that are unobservable. The Company used discounted cash flow DCF analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation as a result of the acquisition. The fair value of the customer relationships was determined using the multi-period excess earnings method. The fair value of the tradename and developed technology was determined using an income approach based on the relief from royalty method. 
 
 For the fair value estimates, the Company used (i) forecasted future cash flows, (ii) historical and projected financial information, (iii) synergies including cost savings, (iv) revenue growth rates, (v) customer attrition rates, (vi) royalty rates, and (vii) discount rates, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating fair values. These estimates require judgment and are subject to change. Differences between the preliminary estimates and final accounting may occur, and those could be material. 
 14 

years Developed technology years Customer relationships years 
 
 Acquisition-Related Expenses 
 
 The Company expensed a total of of acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statement of operations related to the MiX Combination, of which was expensed in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and was expensed in the six-month period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 The business acquired in the MiX Combination contributed revenue of and a net profit of , after amortization of identified intangibles, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 and revenue of and a net loss of for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 . 

15 

NOTE 4 - 
 
 for a facilities agreement (the Facilities Agreement with FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant Bank division) RMB deposited in escrow for the MiX Combination and cash of held in escrow for purchases from a vendor. Restricted cash at September 30, 2024 consists of cash of held in escrow for purchases from a vendor, cash of held by MiX Telematics Enterprise BEE Trust (a VIE which is consolidated) to be used solely for the benefit of its beneficiaries, c ash securing guarantees of issued in respect of property lease agreements entered into by MiX Telematics Australasia, and held by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2024 (the Subscription Agreement ), by and among the Company and various accredited investors party thereto (the Investors ), pursuant to which the Investors purchased from the Company, and the Company agreed to issue to such Investors, an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of for aggregate gross proceeds of (the Private Placement ). The Private Placement was consummated on October 1, 2024. See Note 24 - Subsequent Events for additional information on the Private Placement and related transactions. 

NOTE 5 - 
 
 16 

Services 
 
 Deferred costs - current Contract Liabilities Deferred revenue services (2) 
 Deferred revenue products (2) 
 Less: Deferred revenue current ) ) Deferred revenue less current portion 
 (1) Deferred Contract costs are included in Other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) The Company records deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance. For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, the Company recognized revenue of and , respectively, which was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of each reporting period. For the six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, the Company recognized revenue of an d , respectively, which was 
 17 

NOTE 6 - 
 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation Allowance for credit losses, September 30 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses Contract assets Tax receivables VAT receivable 
 Sundry debtors Other current assets 
 
 This includes the prepaid portion of total deferred contract assets. 

NOTE 8 - 
 
 at March 31, 2024 a nd at September 30, 2024. 

18 

Work in process Finished goods, net 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 Computer software Computer and electronic equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Plant and equipment Assets in progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively, and for the three- and six- month periods ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 

NOTE 10 - 

19 

- 
 ) Trademark and tradename - 
 ) Patents - 
 ) Technology - 
 ) Software to be sold or leased - 
 ) ) Unamortized: Customer list Trademark and tradename Total ) 
 
 March 31, 2024 Useful Lives (In Years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Amortized: Customer relationships - 
 ) Trademark and tradename - 
 ) Patents - 
 ) Technology 
 ) Software to be sold or leased 
 ) ) Unamortized: Customer list Trademark and tradename Total ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 , the weighted-average amortization periods for customer relationships, trademarks and tradenames, patents, technology, and capitalized software to be sold or leased were , , , , and years , res pectively. 
 
 Amortization expense for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively, and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 

20 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 
 Refer to Note 3 for the change in the carrying amount of goodwill from April 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 as a result of the MiX Combination. 
 
 For the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not identify any indicators of impairment. 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 shares of common stock with time-based vesting conditions. 
 
 During the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company did t grant any options to purchase shares of common stock with time-based vesting conditions. 
 
 [A] Stock Options: 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested as of September 30, 2024 

21 

Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested as of September 30, 2024 

Expected life of options Risk free interest rate Dividend yield Weighted-average fair value of options granted during the year 
 
 Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock and the expected life of options is based on historical data with respect to employee exercise periods. 
 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, in connection with awards made under the stock option plans. The increase in the recognized expense is due to the approved acceleration of vesting of unvested restricted stock and stock option awards with time-based vesting conditions that were outstanding under the Powerfleet equity plans (including any inducement awards with time-based vesting) in connection with the closing of the MiX Combination. The accelerated vesting of the Company s equity awards is not part of what was acquired in the MiX Combination, nor what was paid for in the MiX Combination, because it was for the benefit of the Company s employees rather than for the benefit of MiX Telematics employees. Therefore, the acceleration of the equity awards was treated as a separate transaction from the MiX Combination and the acceleration of vesting was accounted for immediately upon closing of the MiX Combination on April 2, 2024. 
 
 The fair value of options vested during the six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 was and , respectively. There were no option exercises that occurred during the six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 and 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested options granted under the Company s stock option plans excluding the market-based stock options that were granted to certain senior managers, including the Company s executive officers. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested options granted under the Company s stock option plans for the market-based stock options that were granted to certain senior managers, including the Company s executive officers. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 22 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited or expired Unvested, September 30, 2024 

The Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses of and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, in connection with restricted stock grants. As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested shares. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The increase in the recognized expense is due to the approved acceleration of vesting of unvested restricted stock and stock option awards with time-based vesting conditions that are outstanding under the Powerfleet equity plans (including any inducement awards with time-based vesting) in connection with the closing of the MiX Combination. The accelerated vesting of the Company s equity awards is not part of what was acquired in the MiX Combination, nor what was paid for in the MiX Combination because it was for the benefit of the Company s employees rather than for the benefit of MiX Telematics employees. Therefore, the acceleration of the equity awards was treated as a separate transaction from the MiX Combination and the acceleration of vesting was accounted for immediately upon closing of the MiX Combination on April 2, 2024. 
 
 [C] Stock Appreciation Rights: 
 
 In connection with the closing of the MiX Combination, the Company assumed each of MiX Telematics share plans. MiX Telematics issued equity-classified share incentives under the MiX Telematics Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP to directors and certain key employees within the Company. 
 
 The LTIP provides for three types of grants to be issued, namely performance shares, restricted share units and stock appreciation rights SARs ). On the Implementation Date, the only issued and outstanding equity awards under the LTIP were SARs, and the Company assumed the outstanding SARs in issue. No additional performance shares or restricted share units will be issued or assumed by the Company. 
 
 The replacement of MiX Telematics share-based payment awards has been treated as a modification under ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation as of the Implementation Date. The fair value of the replacement SARs issued was allocated between pre-combination and post-combination service based on the vesting period. The fair value related to pre-combination service is included as part of the fair value of the consideration in the MiX Combination (see Note 3), and the fair value related to post-combination service is to be recognized as an expense over the remaining vesting period. 
 
 The total stock-based compensation expense recognized during the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively. 

23 

Acquired through MiX Combination Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested as of September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested SARs. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

NOTE 12 - Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted Weighted-average common share outstanding - basic and diluted 

24 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 Current maturities of long-term debt Long-term debt - less current maturities 
 
 Short-Term Bank Debt 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 short-term debt comprised of borrowing facilities and of book overdrafts . 
 
 Standard Bank Facility 
 
 The Standard Bank facility is in the form of a customer foreign currency account overdraft facility (the CFC Overdraft Facility ). The CFC Overdraft Facility entitles MiX Telematics to utilize a maximum amount of R (the equivalent of as of September 30, 2024). The CFC Overdraft Facility bears interest at the South African prime interest rate less per annum. As of September 30, 2024, the South African prime interest rate was . As of September 30, 2024, of the CFC Overdraft Facility was utilized. 
 
 There is a suretyship agreement entered into with Standard Bank providing that MiX Telematics and only one subsidiary being MiX Telematics International (Pty) Ltd , binds themselves as surety(ies) and co-principal debtor(s) for the payment, when due, of all the present and future debts of any kind of M iX Telematics and MiX Telematics International to Standard Bank . The Standard Bank facility has no fixed renewal date and is repayable on demand. 
 
 RMB Facility 
 
 On March 7, 2024, as part of the MiX Combination, MiX Telematics and Powerfleet entered into the Facilities Agreement with RMB. Following the signing of the Facilities Agreement, MiX Telematics entered into a Facility Notice and General Terms and Conditions (the Credit Agreement with RMB on March 14, 2024 for a committed general banking facility of R (the equivalent of as at September 30, 2024 (the RMB General Facility ). The Credit Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties are subject to the terms and conditions of the Facilities Agreement entered into on March 7, 2024, which is described in more detail below. 
 
 The RMB General Facility is repayable on demand and has a term of 365 days from the Available Date (as defined therein). Repayment of the RMB General Facility, including capitalized interest, is due by the earlier of (a) the Available Date or (b) April 2, 2025, unless extended by agreement between MiX Telematics and RMB. Interest rate for the RMB General Facility is calculated at South African prime rate minus per annum and will be calculated on the daily outstanding balance, compounded monthly in arrears and repaid quarterly. As of September 30, 2024, of the RMB General Facility was utilized. 
 
 Hapoalim Debt 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Powerfleet Israel Ltd. Powerfleet Israel had utilized approximately under the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities, which are described below . 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 Hapoalim Debt 
 
 In connection with the Pointer acquisition, Powerfleet Israel incurred New Israeli Shekels NIS denominated debt in term loan borrowings on October 3, 2019 under a Credit Agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement with Bank Hapoalim B.M. Hapoalim ), pursuant to which Hapoalim agreed to provide Powerfleet Israel with senior secured term loan facilities in an initial aggregate principal amount of (composed of facilities in the aggregate principal amount of and , respectively and a revolving credit facility to Pointer denominated in NIS in an initial aggregate principal amount of (collectively, the Prior Credit Facilities ). The Prior Credit Facilities were scheduled to mature on October 3, 2024. 
 
 25 

senior secured term loan facilities denominated in NIS to Powerfleet Israel in an aggregate principal amount of (composed of facilities in the aggregate principal amounts of and , respectively) Hapoalim Facility A and Hapoalim Facility B, respectively, and, collectively, the Hapoalim Term Facilities and (ii) revolving credit facilities to Pointer in an aggregate principal amount of (composed of revolvers in the aggregate principal amounts of and , respectively) Hapoalim Facility C and Hapoalim Facility D, respectively, and, collectively, the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities and, together with the Hapoalim Term Facilities, the Hapoalim Credit Facilities ). Powerfleet Israel drew down in cash under the Hapoalim Term Facilities on March 18, 2024 and used the proceeds to prepay approximately , representing the remaining outstanding balance, of the Prior Credit Facilities, with the remaining proceeds distributed to Powerfleet. The proceeds of the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities may be used by Pointer for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2024, Pointer had utilized under the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities. The available undrawn facility balance at September 30, 2024 was . 
 
 The interest rates for borrowings under Hapoalim Facility A and Hapoalim Facility B are Hapoalim s prime rate + per annum, and Hapoalim s prime rate + per annum, respectively. Hapoalim s prime rate at September 30, 2024 was . Interest is payable quarterly on March 25, June 25, September 25, and December 25 over five years. The first interest period ended on June 25, 2024. Hapoalim Facility A amortizes in quarterly installments over its term and will be payable in the following aggregate annual amounts: (i) of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2024 until March 18, 2025, (ii) of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2025 until March 18, 2026, (iii) of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2026 until March 18, 2027, (iv) of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2027 until March 18, 2028, and (v) of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2028 until March 18, 2029. Hapoalim Facility B does not amortize and will be payable in full on March 18, 2029. 
 
 The interest rate for borrowings under Hapoalim Facility C is, with respect to NIS-denominated loans, Hapoalim s prime rate + , and with respect to U.S. dollar-denominated loans, SOFR + . Borrowings under Hapoalim Facility D will bear interest at the applicable interest rate set forth in the standard form documents entered into in connection with each utilization of Hapoalim Facility D. In addition, Pointer is required to pay a credit allocation fee in NIS, with respect to Hapoalim Facility C, and a non-utilization fee in U.S. dollars, with respect to Hapoalim Facility D, in each case, equal to per annum on undrawn and uncancelled amounts of the revolving facilities during the period commencing on March 18, 2024 and ending on the last day of the applicable availability period of such revolving facilities. The Borrowers have also paid certain upfront fees and other fees and expenses to Hapoalim in connection with the A R Credit Agreement. The Hapoalim Revolving Facilities mature on March 18, 2025. 
 
 Borrowings under the Hapoalim Term Facilities are voluntarily prepayable at any time, in whole or in part, and are not subject to any prepayment premium. Voluntary prepayments of the Hapoalim Term Facilities must be made in minimum increments of NIS million. In addition to certain customary mandatory prepayment requirements, the A R Credit Agreement also requires Powerfleet Israel to make prepayments on the Hapoalim Term Facilities to the extent it receives distributions from Pointer, except for any such distributions made to cover certain expenses of Powerfleet Israel in its normal course of operations. 
 
 The A R Credit Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants with respect to Pointer s net debt levels which must be less than of Working Capital as defined in the A R Credit Agreement, the ratio of each Borrower s net debt to Pointer s EBITDA must not exceed , Powerfleet Israel s minimum equity which must not be less than , and the ratio of Powerfleet Israel s equity to its total assets which must be greater than and the ratio of Pointer s net debt to EBITDA ratio must not exceed . The occurrence of any event of default under the A R Credit Agreement may result in all outstanding indebtedness under the Hapoalim Credit Facilities becoming immediately due and payable. The financial covenants have been met for the quarter ending September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Hapoalim Credit Facilities continue to be secured by first ranking and exclusive fixed and floating charges, including by Powerfleet Israel over the entire share capital of Pointer and by Pointer over all of its assets, as well as cross guarantees between Powerfleet Israel and Pointer, except that the Borrowers holdings in Pointer do Brasil Comercial Ltda., Pointer Argentina and Pointer South Africa are excluded from such floating charges. No other assets of the Company will serve as collateral under the Hapoalim Credit Facilities. 
 
 The Hapoalim Term Facilities under the A R Credit Agreement have been accounted for as modifications of the term facilities that were provided under the Prior Credit Agreement because the change in the present value of the cash flows under the A R Credit Agreement is less than of the present value of the cash flows under the Prior Credit Agreement. The proceeds of the Hapoalim Term Facilities ), less the prepayment of the term loans under the Prior Credit Facility (approximately 
 26 

), amounting to approximately , has been recognized as an increase in the carrying value of the prior term loans that was recognized previously. 
 
 For the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded and , respectively, of additional deferred costs to the original debt issuance costs and the refinancing fee paid to Hapoalim. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded of amortization of the original debt issuance costs and the refinancing fee paid to Hapoalim. For the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a credit of net of additional deferred costs to the original debt issuance costs and amortization of the original debt issuance costs. The Company recorded charges of and to interest expense on its consolidated statements of operations for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to interest expense associated with the Hapoalim debt. 
 
 RMB Debt 
 
 On March 7, 2024, the Company entered into the Facilities Agreement with RMB, pursuant to which RMB agreed to provide the Company with term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of , composed of Facility A and Facility B, each with a principal amount of RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B, respectively, and collectively, the RMB Facilities ). The Company drew down in cash under the RMB Facilities on March 13, 2024, and the proceeds to redeem all the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and for general corporate purposes. The RMB Facilities are guaranteed by the Company, I.D. Systems and Movingdots GmbH Movingdots ), and there is a security agreement over the shares in Main Street 2000 Proprietary Limited MS2000 ), I.D. Systems, and Movingdots. 
 
 The interest rates of borrowings under RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B are per annum and per annum, respectively. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. RMB Facility A matures on March 31, 2027, and RMB Facility B matures on March 31, 2029. The Company may prepay the RMB Facilities at any time, subject to a minimum reduction of and multiples of . If the Company prepays any amount during the first or second annual period of the funding, a refinancing fee equal to or , respectively, of the prepayment will be payable. Also, the RMB Facilities are mandatorily prepayable upon the occurrence of uncertain future events, such as a change of control or a transfer of the business. In the event that either prepayment occurs, the respective prepayment amount will be adjusted for RMB s break gains or losses, which relate mainly to the unwinding of interest rate derivatives (the Prepayment Derivative which RMB entered into with third parties to fix the interest rates on the RMB Facilities. Since RMB s break gains/losses could result in the Company prepaying at a discount, or a premium, of or more to the initial carrying amount of the RMB Facilities, the optional and contingent repayment features were to be embedded derivatives in the scope of ASC 815-15 Embedded Derivatives. The Prepayment Derivative within each RMB Facility has been bifurcated and accounted for at fair value separately from the respective debt-host contracts which are accounted for at amortized cost. The terms of the debt-host contracts have been bifurcated to adjust the carrying value of the debt upon separating the derivative. Upon initial recognition of the RMB Facilities, a Prepayment Derivative asset of and for RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B, respectively, was recognized with a corresponding increase in the initial carrying amount of each debt-host contract. The fair value of the embedded derivative is estimated using a with-and-without approach as the difference between the value of the RMB Facilities with and without the embedded derivative using both the binomial lattice model and discounted cash flow analysis. 
 
 Credit spread Credit rating B- B- Risk free rate SOFR spot rate 
 SOFR spot rate 
 
 As of March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR spot rate was and respectively . 
 
 The Prepayment Derivative is classified as a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of at least one significant unobservable input which is the credit spread volatility . At inception, the credit spread was an observable input based on the transaction price of the debt; however, in future periods, it will also be an unobservable input. For the Prepayment Derivative asset in RMB Facility A, a change of -10 in credit spread volatility would result in a decrease in the derivative asset of , while a change of +10 in credit spread volatility would result in an increase in the derivative asset of . For the Prepayment Derivative asset in RMB Facility B, a change of -10 in credit spread volatility would result in a decrease in the derivative asset of , while a change of +10 in credit spread volatility would result in an increase in the derivative asset of 
 27 

. The Prepayment Derivative assets are included in Other assets and their fair values were and for RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B, respectively, as of March 31, 2024 and, and for RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The debt-host contracts are accounted for at amortized cost. Total debt issuance costs of appr oximately were incurred. For the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and , respectively, of amortization of the original debt issuance costs and the refinancing fee to RMB. 
 
 For the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Less: Current portion ) Plus debt costs and prepayment Total 

NOTE 14 - 
 
 Accrued warranty Accrued compensation Government authorities Other current liabilities 

28 

Accrual for product warranties issued Product replacements and other warranty expenditures ) ) Expiration of warranties ((over)/under warranty accrual) ) Acquired through MiX Combination Foreign currency translation difference Accrued warranty reserve, end of period (1) 
 (1) Includes non-current accrued warranty included in other long-term liabilities at September 30, 2023 and 2024 of and , respectively. 

NOTE 15 - 
 
 shares of preferred stock, par value per share of which shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock and shares are undesignated. 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 In connection with the completion of the Pointer acquisition, on October 3, 2019, the Company issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock to ABRY Senior Equity V, L.P., ABRY Senior Equity Co-Investment Fund V, L.P and ABRY Investment Partnership, L.P. (the Investors ). Concurrently with the closing of the MiX Combination on April 2, 2024, the Company used the net proceeds received from RMB and from incremental borrowing capacity as a result of the refinancing of credit facilities with Hapoalim to redeem in full for for all of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a minimum rate of per annum (calculated on the basis of the Series A Issue Price), quarterly in arrears. The dividends were payable at the Company s election, in kind, through the issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, or in cash, provided no dividend payment failure had occurred and was continuing and that there had not previously occurred two or more dividend payment failures. Commencing on the 66-month anniversary of the date on which any shares of Series A Preferred Stock were first issued (the Original Issuance Date ), and on each monthly anniversary thereafter, the dividend rate would increase by basis points, until the dividend rate reached per annum, subject to the Company s right to defer the increase for up to three consecutive months on terms set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter ). During the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company paid dividends in amounts equal to and , respectively, to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, and during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024. Dividends for the period ended March 31, 2024, plus accrued dividends through April 2, 2024, were paid in cash on the redemption date of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

29 

NOTE 16 - ) Net current period change ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 The accumulated balances for each classification of other comprehensive loss for the six-month period ended September 30, 2023 are as follows (in thousands): 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at April 1, 2023 
 ) ) Net current period change ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 

NOTE 17 - 
 
 reportable segment, wireless IoT asset management. The following table summarizes revenues by geographic region (in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 North America Israel Africa Europe and Middle East Other 
 
 30 

Israel Africa Europe and Middle East Other 

NOTE 18 - ) ) ) Foreign pre-tax book income (expense) Total loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Net loss before non-controlling interest 
 ) ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) ) ) 
 For the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, the effective tax rate differed from the statutory tax rates primarily due to the mix of domestic and foreign earnings amongst taxable jurisdictions, recorded valuation allowances to fully reserve against deferred tax assets in jurisdictions, and certain discrete items. 

NOTE 19 - 
 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the lease term for up to years. 
 
 Right-of-use ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future lease payments over the lease term. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made in advance of lease commencement and excludes lease incentives. The lease terms used in the calculations of the operating ROU assets and operating lease liabilities include options to extend or terminate the lease when the Company is reasonably certain that it will exercise those options. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 31 

Reduction of right-of-use assets due to MiX Combination (1) 
 ) (1) Subsequent to the MiX Combination, certain leases were terminated or modified due to the consolidation of leased space. 

Weighted-average discount rate (1) Including expected renewals where appropriate. 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease payments 

32 

NOTE 20 - 
 
 Debt Prepayment derivative 

NOTE 21 - 

NOTE 22 - 
 
 plus of interest and penalty, totaling as of March 31, 2024 and a s of September 30, 2024. The Company is vigorously defending this tax assessment before the administrative court in Brazil, but in light of the administrative and judicial processes in Brazil, it could take up to 14 years before the dispute is finally resolved. In case the administrative court rules against the Company, the Company could claim before the judicial court, an appellate court in Brazil, a substantial reduction of interest charged, potentially reducing the Company s total exposure. The Company s legal counsel is of the opinion that the chance of loss is not probable and for this reason the Company has not made any provision. 
 
 In July 2015, Pointer Brazil received a tax deficiency notice alleging that th e services provided by Pointer Brazil should be classified as telecommunication services and therefore Pointer Brazil should be subject to the state value-added tax. The aggregate amount claimed to be owed under the notice was approximately as of September 30, 2024. On August 14, 2018, the lower chamber of the State Tax Administrative Court in S o Paulo rendered a decision that was favorable to Pointer Brazil in relation to the ICMS demands, but adverse in regards to the clerical obligation of keeping in good order a set of ICMS books and related tax receipts. The remaining claim after this administrative decision is . The state has appealed to the higher chamber of the State Tax Administrative Court. The Company s legal counsel is of the opinion that the chance of loss is not probable and that no material costs will arise in respect to these claims. For this reason, the Company has not made any provision. 
 
 33 

and , respectively. No loss is consider ed probable under this arrangement. 
 
 On August 30, 2024, Fleet Connect Solutions LLC Fleet Connect filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of a number of Fleet Connect s patents. The Company filed an answer to Fleet Connect s complaint on November 8, 2024, denying the claims together with counterclaims to invalidate Fleet Connect s patents. The Company simultaneously filed a Section 101 motion seeking to invalidate some of the patents. The Company is evaluating the claims with patent counsel, however based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter. 

NOTE 23 - 

NOTE 24 - 
 
 million, subject to certain customary working capital and other adjustments as described in the Purchase Agreement (as adjusted, the Purchase Price ). 
 
 million of the Purchase Price payable in the FC Acquisition was satisfied by the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to an existing indirect shareholder of Fleet Complete, with the remainder paid in cash. million of the cash portion of the Purchase Price was funded by the Private Placement, as described below, and million of the cash portion of the Purchase Price was funded with a senior secured term loan facility provided by RMB, as described below. million of the Purchase Price has been placed into escrow to secure purchase price adjustment payment obligations under the Purchase Agreement and certain tax liabilities. 
 
 Concurrently with the closing of the FC Acquisition, on October 1, 2024, the Company consummated the Private Placement. million of such gross proceeds funded a portion of the Purchase Price with the remaining million in proceeds expected to be used by the Company for working capital and general corporate purposes. million, net of costs, was received by September 30, 2024, with the remaining million received on October 1, 2024. 
 
 34 

million (the New RMB Term Facility ). The Company drew down the full amount of the New RMB Term Facility on October 1, 2024, and used the proceeds to pay a portion of the Purchase Price, as described above. 
 
 The Company s obligations under the New RMB Term Facility are guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by the Company, I.D. Systems and Movingdots. The New RMB Term Facility is secured by a first priority security interest over the entire share capital of I.D. Systems, Movingdots, MS2000 and Canadian SPV, each a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. No other assets of the Company will serve as collateral under the New RMB Term Facility. 
 
 The New RMB Term Facility is repayable on October 31, 2029. 
 
 The New RMB Term Facility may be voluntarily prepaid at any time upon prior written notice, in whole or in part, subject to payment of a refinancing fee equal to (i) of the amount prepaid if such prepayment occurs before October 1, 2025, or (ii) of the amount prepaid if such prepayment occurs on or after October 1, 2025, but before October 1, 2026. refinancing fee is payable if prepayment occurs on or after October 1, 2026. If voluntary prepayments are made in part, they must be made in minimum amounts of million in integral multiples of million. In addition, the Facility Agreement provides for certain customary mandatory prepayment requirements. 
 
 In the event of any prepayment during a quarterly interest period the Company is also required to pay, or receive from, RMB an amount, such that RMB would be in the same economic position for that interest period had the prepayment only occurred at the end of such period. The amount payable or receivable will be calculated relative to the interest that RMB would be able to obtain by placing the amount prepaid on deposit with a leading bank in the London interbank market for a period from the prepayment until the end of such interest period. 
 
 The New RMB Term Facility bears interest at per annum (or , if an event of default is occurring), plus the applicable term SOFR reference rate (or an interpolated rate if SOFR is unavailable), payable quarterly on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 each year, and on October 31, 2029. 
 
 The Company paid a non-refundable deal structuring fee of million to RMB on October 1, 2024. 
 
 The Company may be required to make certain indemnity-type payments to RMB should RMB s returns on the New RMB Term Facility be lower than those envisaged, for example due to changes in tax implications and increased costs of servicing the facility. 
 
 The Facility Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants with respect to the ratio of the Company s consolidated total net borrowings to consolidated EBITDA and the ratio of the Company s consolidated EBITDA to consolidated total finance costs. The Facility Agreement also includes representations, warranties, events of default and other provisions customary for financings of this type. The occurrence of any event of default under the Facility Agreement may result in all outstanding indebtedness under the New RMB Term Facility becoming immediately due and payable. 
 35 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Powerfleet, Inc. and its subsidiaries Powerfleet, the Company, we, our or us should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in Part I, Item 1 of this report. In the following discussions, most percentages and dollar amounts have been rounded to aid presentation, and, accordingly, all amounts are approximations. Amounts throughout this discussion and analysis for our unaudited interim condensed consolidated statements for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023 have been restated to reflect the impact of the restatement as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Annual Report ). 
 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company determined that the accounting for the redemption premium associated with its Series A convertible preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock was understated resulting in an understatement of net loss attributable to common stockholders and net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for each period, an understatement of the value of the convertible redeemable preferred stock as of each balance sheet date, and an overstatement of the additional paid-in capital as of each balance sheet date. The required adjustments to correct the redemption value of the calculation of the Series A Preferred Stock and the related accretion of the value of the preferred stock in the consolidated statement of operations included the recording of a non-cash accretion which resulted in an increase in the net loss attributable to common stockholders, an increase in the convertible redeemable preferred stock , and a decrease of additional paid-in capital for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and each of the interim periods during the 2022 and 2023 fiscal years. 
 
 The correction of the error resulted in reporting the value of the convertible preferred stock including the accretion to the redemption value from the date of original issuance through each balance sheet date applying the interest method. The Company had determined that it was appropriate to restate the financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and each of the interim periods during the 2022 and 2023 fiscal years included in the 2023 Annual Report. In addition, the Company also corrected other unrelated immaterial errors that were previously either unrecorded or recorded as out-of-period adjustments. For additional information refer to Note 2 to the financial statements included in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), which may include information concerning our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, strategies, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures and other information that is not historical information. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words seek, estimate, expect, anticipate, project, plan, contemplate, plan, continue, intend, believe and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for its expectations and beliefs, but there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations or that our beliefs will prove to be correct. 
 
 There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed as forward-looking statements herein include, but are not limited, to: the ability to recognize the anticipated benefit of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition; the possibility that we may not be able to integrate successfully the businesses, operations and employees of MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete; the ability of our supply chain to deliver certain key components; changes in technology or products, which may be more difficult or costly, or less effective, than anticipated; our ability to secure our information technology systems against breaches; the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of wireless solutions; our ability to navigate the international political, economic and geographic landscape; future economic and business conditions, including the conflict between Israel and Hamas; the failure of the markets for our products to continue to develop; our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property; changes in laws and regulations or changes in generally accepted accounting policies, rules and practices; and other risks detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and 
 36 

Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the period ended March 31, 2024 (the Form 10-KT ). 
 
 There may be other factors of which we are currently unaware or which we currently deem immaterial that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf apply only as of the date they are made and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this report. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date they were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Powerfleet is a global leader of Internet-of-Things IoT solutions providing valuable business intelligence for managing high-value enterprise assets that improve operational efficiencies. 
 
 We are headquartered in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey, with offices located around the globe. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, we consummated the MiX Combination, pursuant to which MiX Telematics became our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary. MiX Telematics is a leading global provider of fleet and mobile asset management solutions delivered as SaaS to over one million global subscribers spanning more than 120 countries. MiX Telematics products and services provide enterprise fleets, small fleets, and consumers with efficiency, safety, compliance, and security solutions. The acquisition is expected to provide us with operational synergies and access to a broader base of customers. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements as of and for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024 include the financial results of MiX Telematics and its subsidiaries from the closing date of the MiX Combination. See Note 3, Acquisition in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited) for additional information. No operating results for MiX Telematics are included in the comparative period for the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 On May 8, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31 in order to better align our reporting calendar with the April 2, 2024 close of the MiX Combination and MiX Telematics historical March 31 fiscal year end. This decision was already being considered by Powerfleet executives before the MiX Combination, as part of a broader finance transformation initiative, which includes shifting and outsourcing back-office functions (including central corporate accounting) from the United States to a more cost-effective solution in South Africa. The decision was also driven by aligning the fiscal year with the close of the MiX Combination for investors and aligning the timing of audit work with the winter months in South Africa to help attract and retain accounting talent. 
 
 On October 1, 2024, we consummated the FC Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired Fleet Complete. Fleet Complete is a leading provider of essential fleet, asset, and mobile workforce management solutions across North America, Australia, and Europe. A majority of Fleet Complete s revenue is generated through strong distribution partnerships with major international telecommunications providers and market-leading original equipment manufacturer OEM partners. See Note 24, Subsequent Events in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited) for additional information. 
 
 Our Powerfleet for Warehouse solutions are designed to provide on-premise or in-facility asset and operator management, monitoring, and visibility for industrial trucks such as forklifts, man-lifts, tuggers and ground support equipment at airports. These solutions utilize a variety of communications capabilities such as Bluetooth , WiFi, and proprietary radio frequency. 
 
 Our Powerfleet for Logistics solutions are designed to provide bumper-to-bumper asset management, monitoring, and visibility for over-the-road based assets such as heavy trucks, dry-van trailers, refrigerated trailers and shipping containers and their associated cargo. These systems provide mobile-asset tracking and condition-monitoring solutions to meet the transportation market s desire for greater visibility, safety, security, and productivity throughout global supply chains. 
 
 Our Powerfleet for Vehicles solutions are designed both to enhance the vehicle fleet management process, whether it s a rental car, a private fleet, or automotive OEM partners. We achieve this by providing critical information that can be used to increase revenues, reduce costs and improve customer service. 
 
 37 

Our patented technologies are a proven solution for organizations that must monitor and analyze their assets to improve safety, increase efficiency, reduce costs, and drive profitability. Our offerings are sold under the global brands Powerfleet, Pointer, Cellocator, MiX by Powerfleet, and Fleet Complete. 
 
 We have an established history of IoT device development and innovation creating devices that can withstand harsh and rugged environments. With 51 patents and patent applications and over 25 years experience, we believe we are well positioned to evolve our offerings for even greater value to customers through our cloud-based applications for unified operations. 
 
 We deliver advanced data solutions that connect mobile assets to increase visibility, operational efficiency and profitability. Across our spectrum of vertical markets, we differentiate ourselves by developing mobility platforms that collect data from unique sensors. Further, because we are OEM agnostic, we help organizations view and manage their mixed assets homogeneously. All of our solutions are paired with software as a service SaaS and analytics platforms to provide an even deeper level of insights and understanding of how assets are utilized and how drivers and operators operate those assets. These insights include a full set of key performance indicators KPIs to drive operational and strategic decisions. Our customers typically get a return on their investment in less than 12 months from deployment. 
 
 Our enterprise software applications have machine learning capabilities and are built to integrate with our customers management systems to provide a single, integrated view of asset and operator activity across multiple locations while providing real-time enterprise-wide benchmarks and peer-industry comparisons. We look for analytics, as well as the data contained therein, to differentiate us from our competitors, adding significant value to customers business operations, and helping to contribute to their bottom line. Our solutions also feature open application programming interfaces APIs for additional integrations and development to boost other enterprise management systems and third-party applications. 
 
 We market and sell our connected IoT data solutions to a wide range of customers in the commercial and government sectors. Our customers operate in diverse markets, such as manufacturing, automotive manufacturing, wholesale and retail, food and grocery distribution, pharmaceutical and medical distribution, construction, mining, utilities, aerospace, vehicle rental, as well as logistics, shipping, transportation, energy and field services. Traditionally, these businesses have relied on manual, often paper-based, processes or on-premise legacy software to operate their high-value assets, manage workforce resources, and distributed sites; and face environmental, safety, and other regulatory requirements. In today s landscape, it is crucial for these businesses to invest in solutions that enable easy analysis and sharing of real-time information. 
 
 Our Solutions 
 
 We provide critical actionable information that powers unified operations throughout organizations. We are solving the challenge of inefficient data collection, real-time visibility, and analysis that leads to transformative business operations. Our SaaS cloud-based applications take data from our IoT devices and ecosystem of third-party and partner applications to present actionable information for customers to increase efficiencies, improve safety and security, and increase their profitability in easy-to-understand reports, dashboards, and real-time alerts. 
 
 Key Applications of our IoT Solutions 
 
 We provide real-time intelligence for organizations with high-value assets allowing them to make informed decisions and ultimately improve their operations, safety, and bottom line. Our applications enable organizations to capture IoT data from various types of assets with devices and sensors creating a holistic view for analysis and action. 
 
 The core applications that our IoT solutions address include: 
 
 End-to-end Visibility: Organizations with expensive assets such as vehicles, machinery, or equipment need to keep track of where the assets are located, monitor for misuse, and understand how and when assets are being used. By having complete visibility of their assets, customers can improve security, utilization and customer service. In addition, our visibility solutions help with personnel workflows and resource management, freight visibility through load status, equipment availability status, dwell and idle time, geofencing, two-way temperature control and management, multizone temperature monitoring, arrival and departure times, and supply chain allocation. 
 
 Regulatory Compliance: Businesses must comply with government regulations and provide proof of compliance, which is commonly an onerous process to enforce and maintain. Our solutions provide critical data points and reports to help 
 38 

customers stay within compliance, avoid fines for non-compliance, and automate the reporting process. We deliver real-time position reports, hours-of-service, temperature monitoring and control, electronic safety checklists, workflow management, controlling vehicle access to only authorized operators, inspection reports, and history logs of use. 
 
 Improve Safety: Our applications are designed to provide asset and operator management, monitoring, and visibility for safer environments. Our solutions allow our customers to monitor their fleet of vehicles on various parameters, including but not limited to, vehicle location, speed, engine fault codes, driver behavior, eco-driving, and ancillary sensors and can receive reports and alerts, either automatically or upon request wirelessly via the internet, email, mobile phone or an SMS. In addition, our dash camera provides critical video capture that can be used to help exonerate drivers when in accidents or help bolster training and coaching programs of employees. We also offer preventative solutions such as safety warning products to alert vehicle operators of objects or pedestrians in their pathway to prevent accidents, injuries, and damage. Our analytics platform features dashboards with KPIs and can help managers identify patterns, trends and outliers that can be used as flags for interventions. 
 
 Drive Operational Efficiency Productivity: To increase utilization of mobile assets, our solutions enable the identification of a change in status, real-time location, geo-fencing alerts when an asset is approaching or leaving its destination, cargo status, and on-board intelligence utilizing a motion sensor and proprietary logic that identifies the beginning of a drive and the end of a drive. Having this information enables customers to increase capacity, speed of service, right-size their fleets, and improve communication internally and with customers. In addition, customers can increase revenue per mile, reduce claims and claims processing times, and reduce the number of assets needed. This is achieved through proving such things as two-way integrated workflows for drivers, control assignments and work change, Electronic Driver Logging and automated record keeping for regulatory compliance, monitoring of asset pools and geofence violations, and various reporting insights that flag under-utilized assets, the closest assets, and alerts on dwell time and exceeding the allotted time for loading and unloading. 
 
 We help customers to automate processes and increase productivity of their employees. Our applications enable customers to determine where operators are assigned and can temporarily reassign them based on peak needs, evaluate any disparity in the amount employees are paid compared to the time they actually spend operating a vehicle. Our applications help answer the question of why does it take some employees longer than others to do specific tasks, where to focus labor resources, and how to forecast vehicles and operators needed for future workflow. 
 
 In addition, for our rental car vertical, our applications automatically upload vehicle identification number, mileage and fuel data as a vehicle enters and exits the rental lot, which can significantly expedite the rental and return processes for travelers, and provide the rental company with more timely inventory status, more accurate billing data that can generate higher fuel-related revenue, and an opportunity to utilize customer service personnel for more productive activities, such as inspecting vehicles for damage and helping customers with luggage. 
 
 Our solution for car sharing permits a rental car company to remotely control, track and monitor their rental vehicles wherever they are parked. Whether for traditional pod-based rental or for the emerging rent-anywhere model, the system, through APIs integrated into any rental company s fleet management system, (i) manages member reservations by smart phone or Internet, and (ii) charges members for vehicle use by the hour. 
 
 For our customers with a variety of make-model-years in their fleet, we have developed an unmatched library of certified vehicle code interfaces through our second-generation On-Board Diagnostics, industry standard. Our patented fleet management system helps fleet owners improve asset utilization, reduce capital costs, and cut operating expenses, such as vehicle maintenance or service and support. 
 
 Increase Security: Our solutions allow our customers to reduce theft and improve inventory management. Customers can lockdown their assets with automated e-mail or text message alerts, emergency tracking of assets (higher frequency of reports) if theft is expected, geo-fencing alerts when an asset enters a prohibited geography or location, and near real-time sensors that alert based on changes in temperature and shock, among other things. We also provide stolen vehicle retrieval SVR services in Israel and South Africa. In Israel most of the SVR products used to provide our SVR services are mainly sold to (i) local car dealers and importers that in turn sell the products equipped in the vehicle to the end users who purchase the SVR services directly from us, or (ii) leasing companies which purchase our SVR services in order to secure their own vehicles. In South Africa our distribution partners include automobile dealers, aftermarket automotive parts and service suppliers, automobile insurers and retailers. 
 
 39 

Reduce Costs 
 
 We enable our customers to improve asset utilization, reduce capital costs, and cut operating expenses, such as vehicle maintenance or service and support. Our solutions provide engine performance, machine diagnostics, fuel consumption, and battery life to improve preventative maintenance scheduling, increase uptime, and gain a longer service life of equipment. Through our software applications, customers can optimize capacity, analyze resource allocation, and improve utilization of assets to reduce capital expenses such as purchasing new or leasing additional equipment. Our applications provide root cause analysis for any cargo claims and helps with exoneration of drivers in accidents via dash camera visibility. 
 
 Analytics and Machine Learning 
 
 Our analytics platforms provide our customers with a holistic view of their asset activity across their enterprise. For example, our image machine learning system allows us to process images from our freight camera and other sources and identify key aspects of operations and geospatial information such as location, work being accomplished, type of cargo, how cargo is loaded and if there are any visible issues such as damage. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators Benchmarks 
 
 Our cloud-based software applications provide a single, integrated view of asset activity across multiple locations, generating enterprise-wide benchmarks, peer-industry comparisons, and deeper insights into asset operations. In addition, our customers can set real-time alerts for exception-based reporting or critical activity that needs immediate attention. This enables management teams to make more informed, effective decisions, raise asset performance standards, increase productivity, reduce costs, and enhance safety. 
 
 Specifically, our analytics platforms allow users to quantify best-practice enterprise benchmarks for asset utilization and safety, reveal variations and inefficiencies in asset activity across both sites and geographic regions, or identify opportunities to eliminate or reallocate assets, to reduce capital and operating costs. We provide an extensive set of decision-making tools and a variety of standard and customized reports to help businesses improve overall operations. 
 
 We look for analytics and machine learning to make a growing contribution to drive platform and SaaS revenue, further differentiate our offerings and add value to our solutions. We also use our analytics platform for our own internal platform quality control. 
 
 Services 
 
 Hosting Services : We provide the use of our systems as a remotely hosted service, with the system server and application software residing in our colocation center or on a cloud platform provider s infrastructure (e.g., Azure, AWS). This approach helps us reduce support costs and improve quality control. It separates the system from the restrictions of the customers local IT networks, which helps reduce their system support efforts and makes it easier for them to receive the benefits of system enhancements and upgrades. Our hosting services are typically offered with extended maintenance and support services over a multi-year term of service, with automatic renewals following the end of the initial term. 
 
 Software as a Service: We provide system monitoring, help desk technical support, escalation procedure development, routine diagnostic data analysis and software updates services as part of the ongoing contract term. These services ensure deployed systems remain in optimal performance condition throughout the contract term and provide access to newly developed features and functions on an annual basis. 
 
 Maintenance Services : We provide a warranty on the hardware components of our system. During the warranty period, we either replace or repair defective hardware. We also make extended maintenance contracts available to customers and offer ongoing maintenance and support on a time and materials basis. 
 
 Customer Support and Consulting Services for Ease of Use, Adoption, and Added Value : We have developed a framework for the various phases of system training and support that offer our customers both structure and flexibility. Major training phases include hardware installation and troubleshooting, software installation and troubleshooting, train-the-trainer training on asset hardware operation, preliminary software user training, system administrator training, information technology issue training, ad hoc training during system launch and advanced software user training. 
 40 

Increasingly, training services are provided through scalable online interactive training tools. Support and consulting services are priced based on the extent of training that the customer requests. To help our customers derive the most benefit from our system, we supply a broad range of documentation and support including videos, interactive online tools, hardware user guides, software manuals, vehicle installation overviews, troubleshooting guides, and issue escalation procedures. 
 
 We provide our consulting services both as a standalone service to study the potential benefits of implementing an IoT business intelligence solution and as part of the system implementation itself. In some instances, customers prepay us for extended maintenance, support and consulting services. In those instances, the payment amount is recorded as deferred revenue and revenue is recognized over the service period. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 As a leading global provider of IoT SaaS solutions for high-value enterprise assets, our objective is to drive optimized operations and create safer environments. During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, we began to consolidate and augment many of our existing capabilities on a single customer software platform branded as Unity. We have designed our Unity platform to enable rapid and deep integration with IoT devices and third-party business systems to a highly scalable data pipeline that powers artificial intelligence-driven insights to help companies save lives, time, and money. Unity is an increasingly important initiative to meet our objective of becoming a leading global provider of IoT SaaS solutions for high-value enterprise assets to drive optimized operations and create safer environments. To achieve this goal, we intend to prove value, retain and grow business with existing customers and pursue opportunities with new customers by: 
 
 focusing our business solutions by vertical markets and go to market strategies to each market; 
 positioning ourselves as an innovative thought leader; 
 maintaining a world class sales and marketing team; 
 identifying, seizing, and managing revenue opportunities; 
 expanding our customer base, achieving wider market penetration and educating customers with mixed assets in their organization about our other applications, including new solutions available as a result of our transactions with MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete; 
 implementing improved marketing, sales and support strategies; 
 shortening our initial sales cycles by helping our customers through: 
 identifying and quantifying benefits expected from our solutions; 
 accelerating transitions from implementation to roll-out; and 
 building service revenue through long-term SaaS contracts; 
 differentiating our product offering through analytics, machine learning, unique sensors, and value-added services; 
 producing incremental revenue at a high profit margin; and 
 expanding our partnerships and integrations. 
 
 We also plan to expand into new applications and markets by: 
 
 pursuing opportunities to integrate our system with computer hardware and software vendors, including: 
 OEMs; 
 transportation management systems; 
 warehouse management systems; 
 labor and timecard systems; 
 enterprise resource planning; and 
 yard management systems; 
 establishing relationships with global distributors; and 
 41 

evaluating and pursuing strategically sound acquisitions of companies. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Higher interest rates and inflation, fluctuations in currency values, supply chain disruptions and the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and between Israel and Hamas, have resulted in significant economic disruption and adversely impacted the broader global economy, including our customers and suppliers. Given the dynamic and uncertain nature of the current macroeconomic environment, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of such developments on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows into the foreseeable future. The ultimate extent of the effects of these developments remain highly uncertain, and such effects could exist for an extended period of time. 
 
 Risks to Our Business 
 
 We expect that many customers who utilize our solutions will do so as part of a large-scale deployment of these solutions across multiple or all divisions of their organizations. A customer s decision to deploy our solutions throughout its organization will involve a significant commitment of its resources. Accordingly, initial implementations may precede any decision to deploy our solutions enterprise-wide. Throughout this sales cycle, we may spend considerable time and expense educating and providing information to prospective customers about the benefits of our solutions, and there can be no assurance that our solutions will be deployed on a wider scale by the customer. 
 
 The timing of the deployment of our solutions may vary widely and will depend on the specific deployment plan of each customer, the complexity of the customer s organization and the difficulty of such deployment. Customers with substantial or complex organizations may deploy our solutions in large increments on a periodic basis. Accordingly, we may receive purchase orders for significant dollar amounts on an irregular and unpredictable basis. Long sales cycles, as well as our expectation that customers will tend to place large orders sporadically with short lead times, may cause our revenue and results of operations to vary significantly and unexpectedly from quarter to quarter. These variations could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our ability to increase our revenues and generate net income will depend on a number of factors, including, for example, our ability to: 
 
 increase sales of products and services to our existing customers; 
 convert our initial programs into larger or enterprise-wide purchases by our customers; 
 increase market acceptance and penetration of our products; and 
 develop and commercialize new products and technologies. 
 
 We have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 179.0 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Management believes our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 89.0 million 61.9 million of proceeds from the Private Placement, net of costs to issue common stock, was held in restricted cash at September 30, 2024, and subsequently used for the FC Acquisition on October 1, 2024) as of September 30, 2024 in conjunction with the debt proceeds from our lenders, plus cash generated from the execution of our strategic plan over the next 12 months, are sufficient to fund the projected operations for at least the next 12 months from the issuance date of these condensed consolidated financial statements (November 12, 2024) and service our outstanding obligations. 
 
 Additional risks and uncertainties to which we are subject are described under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this report and in the Form 10-KT. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 For the three- and six-month periods ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies as identified in the Form 10-KT. 

42 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain operating information expressed as a percentage of revenue: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 2024 2023 2024 Revenues: Products 38.6 26.3 36.7 25.6 Services 61.4 73.7 63.3 74.4 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenues: Cost of products 25.8 18.1 26.2 17.5 Cost of services 24.2 28.2 23.8 29.4 Total cost of revenues 50.0 46.3 50.1 46.9 Gross profit 50.0 53.7 49.9 53.1 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 51.9 48.5 52.7 60.4 Research and development expenses 7.1 4.5 7.0 4.3 Total operating expenses 59.0 52.9 59.7 64.7 (Loss)/profit from operations (9.0) 0.7 (9.8) (11.6) Interest income 0.1 0.2 0.1 0.3 Interest expense (0.4) (5.2) (0.5) (4.4) Bargain purchase - Movingdots 0.4 Other (expense)/income, net (0.1) 2.2 0.7 Net loss before income taxes (9.5) (2.1) (9.8) (15.0) Income tax expense (0.9) (0.3) (0.4) (0.9) Net loss before non-controlling interest (10.4) (2.4) (10.3) (15.9) Non-controlling interest Net loss (10.4) (2.5) (10.3) (15.9) Accretion of preferred stock (5.4) (5.4) Preferred stock dividend (3.3) (3.4) (0.0) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (19.0) (2.5) (19.1) (15.9) 

43 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 REVENUES. Revenues increased by 42.8 million, or 124.9 , to 77.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 34.2 million in the same period in 2023. 
 
 Revenues from products increased by 7.1 million, or 53.4 , to 20.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 13.2 million in the same period in 2023. The increase in product revenues was primarily due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 8.9 million in product revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, offset by lower demand from logistics customers in North America. 
 
 Revenues from services increased by 35.7 million, or 170.0 , to 56.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 21.0 million in the same period in 2023. The increase in services revenues was principally due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 34.9 million in service revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 COST OF REVENUES. Cost of revenues increased by 18.5 million, or 108.2 , to 35.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 17.1 million for the same period in 2023. The MiX Telematics business acquired contributed 17.5 million to cost of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Gross profit was 41.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.1 million for the same period in 2023. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 53.7 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 50.0 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 Cost of products increased by 5.1 million, or 57.5 , to 13.9 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 8.8 million in the same period in 2023. Gross profit for products was 6.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.4 million in the same period in 2023. As a percentage of product revenues, gross profit decreased to 31.4 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 33.2 in the same period in 2023. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of product revenues was principally due to inventory write offs from product line rationalization following the MiX Combination. 
 
 Cost of services increased by 13.5 million, or 162.2 , to 21.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 8.3 million in the same period in 2023. The MiX Telematics business acquired contributed 12.6 million to cost of services for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Gross profit for services was 35.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.7 million in the same period in 2023. As a percentage of service revenues, gross profit increased to 61.7 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 60.5 in the same period in 2023, as a result of the contribution from the MiX Telematics business acquired. 
 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses increased by 19.6 million, or 110.0 , to 37.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 17.8 million in the same period in 2023, principally due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 18.1 million of SG A expenses (excluding one-time costs), 1.4 million in acquisition-related expenses and 1.1 million in restructuring costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024. As a percentage of revenues, SG A expenses, excluding 3.9 million in one-time transaction costs and restructuring costs, decreased to 43.4 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 51.9 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES. Research and development R D expenses increased by 1.0 million, or 41.6 , to 3.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.4 million in the same period in 2023, principally due to 1.5 million incurred by the MiX Telematics business post-transaction. As a percentage of revenues, R D expenses decreased to 4.5 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 7.1 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS. Net loss attributable to common stockholders was 1.9 million, or (0.02) per basic and diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net loss of 6.5 million, or (0.18) per basic and diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The net loss was primarily the result of 1.4 million in one-time transaction costs, 1.4 million in integration-related costs , 1.1 million in restructuring costs, and 1.2 million from the commencement of amortization of MiX Telematics acquisition-related intangibles, partially offset by 2.2 million gain in other income from the derivative mark-to-market adjustment . 

44 

Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 REVENUES. Revenues increased by 86.1 million, or 129.8 , to 152.4 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 66.3 million in the same period in 2023. 
 
 Revenues from products increased by 14.7 million, or 60.5 , to 39.0 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 24.3 million in the same period in 2023. The increase in product revenues was primarily due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 17.7 million in product revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024, offset by lower demand from logistics customers in North America. 
 
 Revenues from services increased by 71.4 million, or 169.9 , to 113.4 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 42.0 million in the same period in 2023. The increase in services revenues was principally due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 69.8 million in service revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 COST OF REVENUES. Cost of revenues increased by 38.2 million, or 115.2 , to 71.5 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 33.2 million for the same period in 2023. The MiX Telematics acquired business contributed 36.9 million to cost of revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024. Gross profit was 81.0 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 33.1 million for the same period in 2023. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit increased to 53.1 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 from 49.9 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 Cost of products increased by 9.3 million, or 53.4 , to 26.7 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 17.4 million in the same period in 2023. Gross profit for products was 12.4 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.9 million in the same period in 2023. As a percentage of product revenues, gross profit increased to 31.6 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 from 28.5 in the same period in 2023. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of product revenues was principally due to a larger proportion of sales being driven by higher margin product lines including in warehouse solutions. 
 
 Cost of services increased by 29.0 million, or 183.1 , to 44.8 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 15.8 million in the same period in 2023. The MiX Telematics acquired business contributed 24.9 million to cost of services for the six months ended September 30, 2024. Gross profit for services was 68.6 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 26.2 million in the same period in 2023. As a percentage of service revenues, gross profit decreased to 60.5 in the six months ended September 30, 2024 from 62.4 in the same period in 2023. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of revenues was mainly due to the commencement of amortization of MiX Telematics acquisition-related intangibles. 
 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. SG A expenses increased by 57.1 million, or 163.4 , to 92.1 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 35.0 million in the same period in 2023, principally due to the MiX Telematics business acquired which contributed 35.4 million of SG A expenses (excluding one-time costs), 17.3 million in acquisition-related expenses, 4.7 million in accelerated stock-based compensation costs and 2.3 million in restructuring costs for the six months ended September 30, 2024. As a percentage of revenues, SG A expenses, excluding 24.3 million in one-time transaction, restructuring and accelerated stock-based compensation costs, decreased to 44.5 in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 52.7 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES. R D expenses increased by 1.9 million, or 40.7 , to 6.5 million in the six months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.6 million in the same period in 2023, principally due to 2.9 million incurred by the MiX Telematics business post-transaction. As a percentage of revenues, R D expenses decreased to 4.3 in the six months ended September 30, 2024, from 7.0 in the same period in 2023. 
 
 NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS. Net loss attributable to common stockholders was 24.2 million, or (0.23) per basic and diluted share, for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to net loss of 12.7 million, or (0.36) per basic and diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The net loss was primarily the result of 15.6 million in o ne-time transaction costs, 1.7 million in integration-related costs , 2.3 million in restructuring costs, 4.7 million in accelerated stock-based compensation costs and 4.2 million from the commencement of amortization of MiX Telematics acquisition-related intangibles, partially offset by 2.2 million gain in other income from the derivative mark-to-market adjustment . 
 
 45 

Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 
 We use certain measures to assess the financial performance of our business. Certain of these measures are termed non-GAAP measures because they exclude amounts that are included in, or include amounts that are excluded from, the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, or are calculated using financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures include adjusted EBITDA. 
 An explanation of the relevance of the non-GAAP measure, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and a discussion of its limitations is set out below. We do not regard this non-GAAP measures as a substitute for, or superior to, the equivalent measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP or that calculated using financial measure that is calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss attributable to common stockholders before non-controlling interest, preferred stock dividend and accretion, interest expense (net), income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, foreign currency gains/losses, restructuring-related expenses, gain on bargain purchase (Movingdots), derivative mark-to market adjustment and acquisition-related expenses. 
 We have included adjusted EBITDA in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q because it is a key measure that our management and board of directors use to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget, and to develop short and long-term operational plans. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business. Accordingly, we believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results. 
 
 A reconciliation of net loss attributable to common stockholders (the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP) to adjusted EBITDA for the periods shown is presented below. 
 Reconciliation of Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders to Adjusted EBITDA Three Months Ended September 30, Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 2024 2023 2024 (In thousands) Net loss attributable to common stockholders (6,510) (1,888) (12,679) (24,225) Non-controlling interest 5 6 18 Preferred stock dividend and accretion 2,962 5,863 25 Interest expense, net 131 3,345 588 6,261 Income tax expense 295 256 289 1,309 Depreciation and amortization 2,485 9,064 4,807 19,399 Stock-based compensation 1,101 1,371 1,953 7,300 Foreign currency (gains)/losses (49) 636 (411) 745 Restructuring-related expenses 142 1,069 567 2,267 Gain on bargain purchase - Movingdots (283) Derivative mark-to-market adjustment (2,197) (2,197) Acquisition-related expenses 1,232 1,406 1,455 15,571 Integration-related expenses 
 1,410 1,739 Adjusted EBITDA 1,789 14,477 2,155 28,212 
 Our use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered as performance measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 46 

Some of these limitations are: 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not consider the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure; and 
 certain of the adjustments (such as restructuring costs) made in calculating adjusted EBITDA are those that management believes are not representative of our underlying operations and, therefore, are subjective in nature. 
 
 Because of these limitations, adjusted EBITDA should be considered alongside other financial performance measures, including loss from operations, net loss and our other results. 
 47 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 On October 3, 2019, in connection with the completion of the Pointer acquisition, we issued and sold 50,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to ABRY Senior Equity V, L.P., ABRY Senior Equity Co-Investment Fund V, L.P and ABRY Investment Partnership, L.P. (the Investors pursuant to the terms of an Investment and Transaction Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2019 (as amended, the Investment Agreement ), for an aggregate purchase price of 50.0 million. The proceeds received from such sale were used to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in our acquisition of Pointer. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, we consummated the MiX Combination, pursuant to which MiX Telematics became our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary. The Implementation Agreement required, as a condition to closing of the MiX Combination, that we obtain debt and/or equity financing in an amount sufficient to provide for the redemption in full of all outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. On April 2, 2024, concurrently with the closing of the MiX Combination, we used the net proceeds received from the RMB Facilities described above and incremental borrowing capacity as a result of the refinancing of Credit Facilities to redeem the full 90.3 million value of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 In addition, our wholly owned subsidiaries, Powerfleet Israel and Pointer (collectively, the Borrowers were party to the Prior Credit Agreement with Hapoalim, pursuant to which Hapoalim agreed to provide Powerfleet Israel with two senior secured term loan facilities denominated in NIS in an initial aggregate principal amount of 30 million (composed of two facilities in the aggregate principal amounts of 20 million and 10 million, respectively) and a five-year revolving credit facility to Pointer denominated in NIS in an initial aggregate principal amount of 10 million. The proceeds of the term loan facilities were used to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in our acquisition of Pointer. 
 
 On March 18, 2024, the Borrowers entered into the A R Credit Agreement, which refinanced the facilities under, and amended and restated, the Prior Credit Agreement. The A R Credit Agreement provides for (i) two senior secured term loan facilities denominated in NIS to Powerfleet Israel in an aggregate principal amount of 30 million (composed of Hapoalim Facility A and Hapoalim Facility B in the aggregate principal amounts of 20 million and 10 million, respectively) and (ii) two revolving credit facilities to Pointer in an aggregate principal amount of 20 million (composed of Hapoalim Facility C and Hapoalim Facility D in the aggregate principal amounts of 10 million and 10 million, respectively). The Hapoalim Term Facilities will mature on March 18, 2029. The Hapoalim Revolving Facilities are available for successive one-month periods until and including March 18, 2025, unless the Borrowers deliver prior notice to Hapoalim of their request not to renew the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities. 
 
 On March 18, 2024, Powerfleet Israel drew down 30 million in cash under the Hapoalim Term Facilities and used the proceeds to prepay approximately 11.2 million, representing the remaining outstanding balance, of the term loans extended to Powerfleet Israel under the Prior Credit Agreement and distributed the remaining proceeds to us. The proceeds of the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities may be used by Pointer for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. As of September 30, 2024, Powerfleet Israel had utilized approximately 12.1 million under the Hapoalim Revolving Facilities. 
 
 The Hapoalim Credit Facilities continue to be secured by first ranking and exclusive fixed and floating charges, including by Powerfleet Israel over the entire share capital of Pointer and by Pointer over all of its assets, as well as cross guarantees between Powerfleet Israel and Pointer, except that the Borrowers holdings in Pointer do Brasil Comercial Ltda., Pointer Argentina and Pointer South Africa are excluded from such floating charges. No other assets of our company will serve as collateral under the Hapoalim Credit Facilities. 
 
 The interest rates for borrowings under Hapoalim Facility A and Hapoalim Facility B are Hapoalim s prime rate + 2.2 per annum, and Hapoalim s prime rate + 2.3 per annum, respectively. Hapoalim s prime rate at September 30, 2024 was 6 . Interest is payable quarterly on March 25, June 25, September 25, and December 25 over five years. The first interest period ended on June 25, 2024. Hapoalim Facility A amortizes in quarterly installments over its five-year term and will be payable in the following aggregate annual amounts: (i) 10 of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2024 until March 18, 2025, (ii) 25 of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2025 until March 18, 2026, (iii) 27.5 of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2026 until March 18, 2027, (iv) 27.5 of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2027 until March 18, 2028, and (v) 10 of the principal amount of Hapoalim Facility A from March 18, 2028 until March 18, 2029. Hapoalim Facility B does not amortize and will be payable in full on March 18, 2029. 
 48 

The interest rate for borrowings under Hapoalim Facility C is, with respect to NIS-denominated loans, Hapoalim s prime rate + 2.5 , and with respect to U.S. dollar-denominated loans, SOFR + 2.15 . Borrowings under Hapoalim Facility D will bear interest at the applicable interest rate set forth in the standard form documents entered into in connection with each utilization of Hapoalim Facility D. In addition, Pointer is required to pay a credit allocation fee in NIS, with respect to Hapoalim Facility C, and a non-utilization fee in U.S. dollars, with respect to Hapoalim Facility D, in each case, equal to 0.5 per annum on undrawn and uncancelled amounts of the revolving facilities during the period commencing on March 18, 2024 and ending on the last day of the applicable availability period of such revolving facilities. The Borrowers have also paid certain upfront fees and other fees and expenses to Hapoalim in connection with the A R Credit Agreement. 
 . 
 On March 7, 2024, we entered into the Facilities Agreement with RMB, pursuant to which RMB agreed to provide us with the RMB Facilities in an aggregate principal amount of 85 million, composed of RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B, each having a principal amount of 42.5 million. We drew down 85 million in cash under the RMB Facilities on March 13, 2024. The interest rates of RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B are 8.699 per annum and 8.979 per annum, respectively. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. The principal under RMB Facility A and RMB Facility B is repayable in one installment on March 31, 2027 and March 31, 2029, respectively. 
 
 Following the signing of the Facilities Agreement with RMB and MiX Telematics entered into the Credit Agreement on March 14, 2024, for the RMB General Facility. The Credit Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties are subject to the terms and conditions of the Facilities Agreement entered into on March 7, 2024, which is described in more detail below. 
 
 The RMB General Facility is repayable on demand and has a term of 365 days from the Available Date (as defined therein). Repayment of the RMB General Facility, including capitalized interest, is due by the earlier of (a) the Available Date or (b) April 2, 2025, unless extended by agreement between MiX Telematics and RMB. Interest rate for the RMB General Facility is calculated at South African prime rate minus 0.75 per annum and will be calculated on the daily outstanding balance, compounded monthly in arrears and repaid quarterly. As of September 30, 2024, 19,728 of the RMB General Facility was utilized. 
 
 MiX Telematics also has the CFC Overdraft Facility with Standard Bank. The CFC Overdraft Facility entitles MiX Telematics to utilize a maximum amount of R70.0 million (the equivalent of 4.1 million as of September 30, 2024). The CFC Overdraft Facility bears interest at the South African prime interest rate less 1.2 per annum. As of September 30, 2024, the CFC Overdraft Facility was not utilized. 
 
 There is a suretyship agreement entered into with Standard Bank providing that MiX Telematics and only one subsidiary being MiX Telematics International (Pty) Ltd , binds themselves as surety(ies) and co-principal debtor(s) for the payment, when due, of all the present and future debts of any kind of M iX Telematics and MiX Telematics International to Standard Bank . 
 
 On September 27, 2024, we entered into the Facility Agreement with RMB, pursuant to which RMB agreed to provide us with the New RMB Term Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 125 million. On October 1, 2024, we drew down 125 million in cash under the New RMB Term Facility to pay a portion of the Purchase Price for the FC Acquisition. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears at an interest rate of 5 per annum plus the applicable term SOFR reference rate. The principal is repayable in one installment on October 31, 2029. 
 
 As a result of global supply chain disruptions, the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Hamas, rising interest rates, fluctuations in currency values, inflation and other cost increases, there remains uncertainty surrounding the potential impact of such events on our results of operations and cash flows. We are proactively taking steps to increase the available cash on hand including, but not limited to, targeted reductions in discretionary operating expenses and capital expenditures and borrowing under our revolving credit facility. 

Capital Requirements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) of 89.0 million and working capital of 81.2 million compared to cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) of 109.7 million and working capital of 126.2 million as of March 31, 2024. Our primary sources of cash are cash flows from sales of products and services, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents and proceeds from the sale of our capital stock and borrowings under our credit facilities. 61.9 million of proceeds from the Private Placement, net of costs to issue common stock, was held in restricted cash at September 30, 2024, which was used for the FC Acquisition on October 1, 2024. The FC Acquisition is 
 49 

also expected to be a source of positive cash flow, together with the MiX Combination completed on April 2, 2024. To date, we have not generated sufficient cash flow solely from operating activities to fund our operations. 
 
 Our capital requirements depend on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the length of the sales cycle, the rate of increase or decrease in our existing business base, the success, timing, and amount of investment required to bring new products to market, revenue growth or decline and potential acquisitions. Failure to generate positive cash flow from operations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 10.8 million, compared to net cash used in operating activities of 2.1 million for the same period in 2023. The net cash used in operating activities for the six months ended September 30, 2024 primarily included non-cash charges of 7.3 million for stock-based compensation, 19.4 million for depreciation and amortization expense, 4.4 million for bad debts expense, 0.9 million for shares issued for transaction bonuses related to the MiX Combination and 1.5 million for ROU asset amortization. Changes in operating assets and liabilities included: 
 an increase in accounts receivables of 12.6 million; 
 an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 3.0 million; 
 an increase in deferred costs of 3.6 million; offset by 
 an decrease in accounts payable of 0.1 million; 
 a decrease in lease liabilities of 1.9 million; and 
 a decrease in inventory, net of reserve of 1.0 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.9 million, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 3.5 million for the same period in 2023 . The net cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to 27.5 million in net cash assumed from the MiX Combination, partially offset by 10.5 million for the purchase of fixed assets and 4.7 million for capitalized software development costs. The net cash used in investing activities of 3.5 million in the same period in 2023 was primarily for the purchase of fixed assets of 1.4 million and 2.0 million for capitalized software development costs. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024 , net cash used in financing activities was 22.3 million, compared to a neutral position from financing activities for the same period in 2023 . The cash used in financing activities was primarily due to the repayment of Series A Preferred Stock of 90.3 million following the MiX Combination, partially offset by 61.9 million received from the P rivate Placement , less costs, related to the FC Acquisition and 10.0 million received from s hort-term bank debt . 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Inflation and other macroeconomic conditions in the United States have resulted in higher costs of raw materials, freight, and labor, which has impacted our operating costs. In addition, we operate in several emerging market economies that are particularly vulnerable to the impact of inflationary pressures that could materially and adversely impact our operations in the foreseeable future. 

50 

Business Acquisitions 
 
 In addition to focusing on our core applications, we adapt our systems to meet our customers broader asset management needs and seek opportunities to expand our solution offerings through strategic acquisitions. 
 
 On April 2, 2024, we consummated the MiX Combination, pursuant to which MiX Telematics became our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary. See Note 3, Acquisition, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited) for additional information. 
 
 On October 1, 2024, we consummated the FC Acquisition, pursuant to which Fleet Complete became our wholly owned subsidiary. See Note 24, Subsequent Events in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited) for additional information. 
 
 Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 The Company is subject to recently issued accounting standards, accounting guidance and disclosure requirements. For a description of these new accounting standards, see Note 23 to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

51 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not applicable. 
 
 52 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 a. Disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Due to the inherent limitations of controls systems, irrespective of how well controls are designed and operated, not all misstatements may be detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to faulty judgments in decision-making, breakdown in controls can occur because of a simple error or mistake and/or controls can be circumvented by the individual act of persons, by the collusion of two or more people, or by management override of control. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such terms is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness, as of September 30, 2024, of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, we concluded that, internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report and the Form 10-KT. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified material weaknesses in the design and operation of controls related to the determination of standalone selling prices, cost capitalized for internal use software, the accounting for business acquisitions, valuation of goodwill, measurement and valuation of the convertible redeemable preferred stock and the financial statement close process, which includes the information technology general controls in the areas of user access and change management over key information technology systems that support our financial reporting processes, the related process-level information technology dependent manual controls and application controls. 
 
 As disclosed in Note 3, Acquisition, in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited), we completed the MiX Combination on April 2, 2024. We excluded MiX Telematics disclosure controls and procedures that are subsumed by their internal control over financial reporting from the scope of management s assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. This exclusion is in accordance with the guidance issued by the SEC that an assessment of a recently acquired business s internal control over financial reporting may be om itted from management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for one year following the acquisition. As a result of our integration of MiX Telematics disclosure controls and procedures, certain controls will be evaluated and may be changed. MiX Telematics total revenues constituted approximately 57 of our consolidated revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024. MiX Telematics total assets constituted approximately 35 of our consolidated total assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 As disclosed in Note 24, Subsequent Events , in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements (Unaudited), we completed the FC Acquisition on October 1, 2024. Fleet Complete s disclosure controls and procedures will be excluded from the scope of management s assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. This exclusion is in accordance with the guidance issued by the SEC that an assessment of a recently acquired business s internal control over financial reporting may be om itted from management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting for one year following the acquisition. 
 
 Remediation 
 
 As described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in Part II of the 2023 Annual Report and the Form 10-KT, we started the implementation of the remediation plan to address the material weaknesses mentioned above, including the material weakness reported for MiX Telematics. The remediation plan includes: 
 
 Investigating and understanding the root causes of the control deficiencies that resulted in the material weaknesses, and will continue to refine the remediation plan in conjunction with the integration of operations, procedures, control processes and information systems. 
 53 

Utilizing external resources to support efforts to rework certain control gaps across the various processes in Israel and the United States with identified deficiencies. 
 Implementing enhanced documentation associated with management review controls and validation of the completeness and accuracy of key reports across the group. 
 Training of relevant personnel reinforcing existing and/or enhanced policies with regards to the appropriate steps and procedures required to be performed related to the execution and documentation of internal controls. 
 
 In addition, as part the business combination with MiX Telematics, we are in the process of migrating and integrating the central corporate accounting functions and teams. This integration includes: 
 
 Adopting and implementing a standardized ERP system to be used across the company; 
 Evaluating and integrating accounting principles to align and adopt consistent accounting policies and practices; 
 Leveraging a larger highly qualified central corporate accounting team; 
 Utilizing a more mature internal risk team to coordinate management's efforts to design and implement systems, processes and controls that are documented and widely understood and followed throughout the organization. 
 
 Management will continue with the implementation of the remediation plan and will reassess and test the design and operating effectiveness of controls. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are designed and operating effectively. 

b. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Except for the controls related to the material weaknesses reported in the 2023 Annual Report and the Form 10-KT related to the measurement and valuation of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed in connection with the business acquisitions, the annual measurement and valuation of our reporting unit, controls over the financial statement close process, specifically that the primary ERP had ineffective IT general controls in the area of user access and change management over key IT systems that support the financial reporting processes, and the measurement and valuation of the convertible redeemable preferred stock, there were no other changes in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we completed the MiX Combination. As part of our ongoing post-transaction activities, we continue the process of planning and rolling out the implementation of the ERP and subscription billing system to certain Powerfleet operations. Furthermore, as part of our integration activities, we expect additional changes to the internal control over financial reporting as we continue with our integration activities, which include the evaluation, rationalization and standardization of internal control over financial reporting. While we believe the controls in the post-transaction environment, supported by a uniform ERP system, will enhance the internal control environment, there are inherent risks associated to the integration and implementation of a new ERP system. We will continue to evaluate the processes and controls related to the integration and system implementation, as well as the assessment of the design adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting throughout fiscal year 2025. 
 
 Other than as described above under Remediation , the integration efforts and the implementation of the ERP system, there were no changes to the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 54 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of its business, we are at times subject to various legal proceedings. For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 22 to our consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 55 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks, a number of which are described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-KT. As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed, other than as set forth below. 
 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition. 
 The success of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining the businesses. Our ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks, including, among others: 
 the parties ability to successfully combine their respective businesses; 
 the risk that the combined businesses will not perform as expected; 
 the extent to which the parties will be able to realize the expected synergies, which include realizing potential savings from re-assessing priority assets and aligning investments, eliminating duplication and redundancy, adopting an optimized operating model between the companies and leveraging scale, and creating value resulting from the combination of the three businesses; 
 the possibility that the aggregate consideration being paid for MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete is greater than the value we will derive from the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition; 
 the possibility that the combined company will not achieve the unlevered free cash flow that the parties have projected; 
 the incurrence of additional indebtedness in connection with the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition and the resulting limitations placed on the combined company s operations; and 
 the assumption of known and unknown liabilities of MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete, including potential tax and employee-related liabilities. 
 If we are not able to successfully integrate the businesses within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings, synergies operational efficiencies and other benefits of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, and the combined company may not perform as expected. 
 Integrating our, MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete s businesses may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected. 
 We and MiX Telematics operated independently prior to completion of the MiX Combination on April 2, 2024, and we, together with MiX Telematics, and Fleet Complete operated independently prior to completion of the FC Acquisition on October 1, 2024. There can be no assurances that our businesses can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our company s ongoing business or unexpected integration issues, such as higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of our company, MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions so that the combined business performs as expected include, among others: 
 combining the companies separate operational, financial, reporting and corporate functions; 
 integrating the companies technologies, products and services; 
 identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming operations and assets; 
 harmonizing the companies operating practices, employee development, compensation and benefit programs, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 
 addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies; 
 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; 
 attracting and recruiting prospective employees; 
 consolidating the companies corporate, administrative and information technology infrastructure; 
 coordinating sales, distribution and marketing efforts; 
 managing the movement of certain businesses and positions to different locations; 
 maintaining existing agreements with customers and vendors and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers and vendors; 
 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; and 
 effecting potential actions that may be required in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals. 
 56 

In addition, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and our resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business and, consequently, the business of the combined company. 
 The market price for shares of our common stock may decline as a result of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition, including as a result of some of our stockholders adjusting their portfolios. 
 The market value of our common stock at the time of consummation of each of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition varied significantly from the prices of our common stock before the date the respective transaction agreements were executed and the respective closing dates of the transactions. The market price of our common stock may decline if, among other things, the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of our, MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete s business are not realized, or if the costs related to the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition are greater than expected. The market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. 
 In addition, sales of our common stock by our stockholders after the completion of the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease. Existing shareholders may decide to sell their shares of our common stock. Certain of our other stockholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell shares of our common stock. Such sales of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock. 
 Any of these events may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 
 The MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to the combined company s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of shares of our common stock. 
 We currently believe the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition will result in a number of benefits, including cost savings, operating efficiencies, and stronger demand for our products and services, and that the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition will be accretive to our earnings. This belief is based, in part, on preliminary current estimates that may materially change. In addition, future events and conditions, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration-related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition, could decrease or delay the accretion that is currently anticipated or could result in dilution. Any dilution of, or decrease in or delay of any accretion to, the combined company s earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate. 
 These risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Form 10-KT are not the only risks we face. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 In connection with the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition, we have incurred significant additional indebtedness to finance the redemption of our Series A preferred stock and the acquisition of Fleet Complete. 
 The closing of debt and/or equity financing in an amount sufficient to provide for the redemption in full in cash of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock was a condition to closing the MiX Combination. On March 7, 2024, we, together with certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, entered into the Facilities Agreement with RMB, pursuant to which RMB agreed to provide us with the RMB Facilities in an aggregate principal amount of 85 million, the proceeds of which may be used to redeem all the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and for general corporate purposes. On March 13, 2024, we drew down all 85 million available under such facilities. On April 2, 2024, concurrently with the closing of the MiX Combination, we used the net proceeds received from RMB and from incremental borrowing capacity as a result of the refinancing of Hapoalim Credit Facilities to redeem in full all of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Additionally, on September 27, 2024, we entered into the Facility Agreement with RMB, pursuant to which RMB agreed to provide us with the New RMB Term Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 125 million. On October 1, 2024, we drew down the full amount of the New RMB Term Facility and used the proceeds to pay a portion of the Purchase Price in the FC Acquisition. 
 
 57 

The indebtedness we incurred in connection with the MiX Combination and FC Acquisition will have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, will increase our borrowing costs and, to the extent that such indebtedness is subject to floating interest rates, may increase our vulnerability to fluctuations in market interest rates. The increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available to fund efforts to combine our, MiX Telematics and Fleet Complete s businesses and realize expected benefits of the MiX Combination and the FC Acquisition and/or engage in investments in product development, capital expenditures and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for the combined company relative to other companies with lower debt levels. 
 
 Fleet Complete derives a significant portion of its revenues from two major customers, the loss of one or more of which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 We strive to maintain a diverse customer base; however, a significant portion of Fleet Complete s operating revenues is generated from two major North American telecommunications companies, the loss of one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Approximately 42 and 44 of Fleet Complete s revenues during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were derived from these two major customers. Loss of business from these customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. There is no assurance any of 
 our customers, including these two customers, will continue to utilize our services, renew our existing contracts, or continue to 
 purchase our products and services at the same volume levels. 
 58 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 
 During the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, no shares were repurchased by the Company. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 
 Exhibits: 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 18, 2024, by and among Golden Eagle Topco, LP, the Other Shareholders Party There to, Powerfleet, Inc. and Powerfleet Canada Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Powerfleet, Inc., filed with the SEC on September 18, 2024). 
 2.2 
 Amending Agreement No. 1 (Share Purchase Agreement), dated October 1, 2024, by and between Powerfleet, Inc. and Powerfleet Canada Holdings Inc. and Golden Eagle Topco, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Powerfleet, Inc., filed with the SEC on October 1, 2024). 
 10.1 
 Powerfleet, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Powerfleet, Inc., filed with the SEC on September 17, 2024). 
 10.2 
 Facility Agreement, dated September 27, 2024, by and among Powerfleet, Inc., I.D. Systems, Inc., Movingdots GmbH and FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant Bank division) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Powerfleet, Inc., filed with the SEC on October 1, 2024). + 
 10.3 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Powerfleet, Inc., filed with the SEC on September 18, 2024). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the periods April 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 and April 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules or exhibits upon request by the SEC. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted. Redacted information is indicated by [ ]. 

59 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. POWERFLEET, INC. 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Steve Towe 
 Steve Towe 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ David Wilson 
 David Wilson Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 60 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q22025xcertific.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a--14(a) and 15d--14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Steve Towe, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Powerfleet, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 s Steve Towe 
 Steve Towe 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q22025xcertific.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a--14(a) and 15d--14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David Wilson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Powerfleet, Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 s David Wilson 
 David Wilson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit32-q22025xcertifica.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Powerfleet, Inc. (the Company to which this certification is attached and as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date November 12, 2024 s Steve Towe 
 Steve Towe 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date November 12, 2024 s David Wilson 
 David Wilson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 aiot-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 aiot-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 aiot-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 aiot-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 aiot-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

