<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_2015502_0001213900-24-097562.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3262090</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74950</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>812907</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>553703</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>846532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>919681</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097562.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097562
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Launch One Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002015502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42173
		FILM NUMBER:		241455427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 GRAND AVENUE  SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106929600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 GRAND AVENUE  SUITE 1530
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097562.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220253-10q_launch1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November
13, 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par
value, issued and outstanding. 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from February 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from
 February 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from February 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 17 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 19 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 20 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 20 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 20 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 20 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 21 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 22 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Due from Sponsor 

Short-term prepaid insurance 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred
underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of approximately per share 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months 
Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Period from 
February 21, 
2024 
(Inception) 
Through 
September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A 
Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Shareholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance February 21, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of expense through promissory note related party 

Interest earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Short-term prepaid insurance 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Due from Sponsor 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Prepaid services contributed by Sponsor through promissory note related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered,
the Public Shares ), which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of
 Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Launch One Sponsor LLC (the
 Sponsor ), and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public Offering, generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion in Note 6), and of
other offering costs. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting
commissions). 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on July 15, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and was invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the
intended Business Combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based
on the management team s ongoing assessment of all factors related to the Company s potential status under the Investment
Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account
in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the
Company s board of directors may approve (the Completion Window ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption
of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow
redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company has
not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s
public shareholders. 

The Company will provide the Company s public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder
vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled
to redeem their shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations. 

5 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in connection with the completion of the Initial
Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial
Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination;
(ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in
connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares
or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company
fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside
the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions, aside from shares they
may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of
approving the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it
is liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a
prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement
or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if
less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not
apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in
the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. 

On August 29, 2024, Launch One Acquisition Corp.
announced that, commencing on September 3, 2024, the holders of the units issued in its initial public offering (the Units ),
each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share, and one-half of one warrant of the Company
(the Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for per
share, may elect to separately trade the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants included in the Units. No fractional Warrants were issued
upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants are traded. The Class A Ordinary Shares and the Warrants are traded on the Nasdaq
Global Market under the symbols LPAA and LPAAW, respectively. Holders of Units will need to have their brokers
contact Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the Company s transfer agent, in order to separate the Units into Class
A Ordinary Shares and Warrants. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had operating
cash of and a working capital of . The Company intends to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to
identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

If the Business Combination is not consummated,
the Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital
needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital,
it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of these unaudited condensed financial statements
if a Business Combination is not consummated. These unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

6 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

7 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

, were held in cash and U.S. Treasury Bills. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

public
warrants (the Public Warrants underlying the Units issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the 
Private Placement Warrants (defined below) sold in the private placement consummated simultaneously with the Initial Public Offering in
accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Accordingly, the Company evaluated
and classified the warrant instruments under equity treatment at their assigned values. Such guidance provides that the warrants described
above were not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value).
Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity in accordance with ASC
480 and ASC 815. There were warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
as of September 30, 2024. 

ordinary shares that would have been subject to forfeiture
had the over-allotment option not been exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic net income per ordinary share (1) 

9 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per ordinary share (1) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

10 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the
amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable
Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment (see Note 4). 

Each warrant will become exercisable 
after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business
Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants As of September
30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00
p.m., New York City time, after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to
issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise
has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of
the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no
event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the
exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the
Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of the Business
Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement
for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective within business days following the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in
accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the
Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

11 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

: The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and 

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day
period commencing at least 30 days after completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and ending three business days
before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A
ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a subdivision of ordinary shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, subdivision or similar event, the number of Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares.
A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares
at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other
equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the
quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these
purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining
the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well
as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of
Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to
the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without
the right to receive such rights. 

private placement warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, or in the aggregate, in a private placement.
Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with
respect to private placement warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than
five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Rule 5110(g)(8). 

12 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the public shares if the Company
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating
distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and
any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions,
aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act, which would not be voted
in favor of approving the Business Combination) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company
issued founders shares to the Sponsor. Up to of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. On July 15, 2024, the underwriters exercised their
over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the founder shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture. 

The Company s initial shareholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof
until the earlier to occur of (i) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results
in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s initial shareholders
with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the
Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will
be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company an
aggregate of up to , as amended on July 12, 2024, to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The
loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The
Company had no borrowings under the promissory note as of September 30, 2024, and the loan is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

Due from Sponsor 

The Company paid the Sponsor an amount 
in excess of the outstanding promissory note balance at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The excess payment of is due
to the Company as of September 30, 2024. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on July 11, 2024, through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, to pay an affiliate of
the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the
management team. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred in fees for these services, of which
 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet. 

13 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The
warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

-day option from the
date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 15,
2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option
to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

14 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the gross proceeds of the units offered in the Initial Public Offering, excluding any proceeds from units
sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option). Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account other than those sold pursuant to the
underwriters over-allotment option and of the gross proceeds sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option,
or in the aggregate, payable upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

preference shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024,
there were no shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. As of September 30, 2024,
there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business
Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case
that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the
amounts sold in this offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at
which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of
the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the
aggregate, of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option
and excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor), plus (ii) all
Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial
Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or to the
Company s officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions of Class A
ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion of founder
shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Holders of record of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as
specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do
so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the Company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, meaning, following the Company s initial Business Combination, the holders of more than of the ordinary
shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and
(ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of approving a transfer
by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled
to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only
be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least (or, where such amendment is proposed in
respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled
to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company. 

15 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

The following table presents information about
the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on July 15, 2024, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs
the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

The fair value of Public Warrants was determined
using Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require remeasurement
after issuance. 

Exercise price 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

16 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Launch Acquisition Corp. References to our
 management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Launch One Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business
Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus
for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on February 21, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or
a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted new rules
and regulations for special-purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July 1, 2024 (the 2024
SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC Business Combination
transactions (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their affiliates
in both SPAC initial public offerings and Business Combination transactions; (iii) additional disclosures regarding projections included
in SEC filings in connection with proposed Business Combination transactions and (iv) the requirement that both the SPAC and its
target company be co-registrants for Business Combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting release provided
guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including its duration,
asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals. The 2024 SPAC
Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the costs and time
related thereto. 

17 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from February 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business
Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. Subsequent to
the Initial Public Offering, we generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 2,605,302, which consisted of Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 2,406,913 and
unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 388,318 offset by general and administrative costs of 189,929. 

For the period from February 21, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 2,564,914, which consisted of Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust
Account of 2,406,913 and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 388,318 offset by general and administrative
costs of 230,317. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor
and loans from the Sponsor. 

On July 15, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 23,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000.Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant,
in a private placement to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public Offering,
generating gross proceeds of 6,000,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Units, a total of 230,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred
 15,574,281, consisting of 4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 10,950,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 624,281 of other offering
costs. 

For the period from February 21, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 368,715. Net income of 2,564,914 was affected by interest earned on
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 2,406,913, Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities held in Trust Account of
 388,318 and payment of operation costs through promissory note of 50,034 Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 188,432 of
cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 232,795,232 consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw
interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the
extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make
other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 953,928.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

18 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to an affiliate of the Sponsor 12,500 per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. 

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 15,
2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option
to purchase the additional 3,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended September
30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed
in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On February 21, 2024, the Sponsor subscribed for
5,750,000 founder shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those shares. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on July 15, 2024, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Sponsor and the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public
Offering, generating gross proceeds of 6,000,000. Of those 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 4,000,000 Private
Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased 2,000,000 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The foregoing issuance was made
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable,
assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, an aggregate of 230,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 15,574,281, consisting of
 4,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 10,950,000 of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion in Note 6 of the financial statements
contained elsewhere in this Report), and 624,281 of other offering costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period ended September 30,
2024, of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K. 

20 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, July 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sponsor Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Cantor Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated July 11, 2024, by and between the Company and Launchpad Capital Management Company LLC. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note issued to Launch One Sponsor LLC, dated on February 21, 2024. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Promissory Note issued to Launch One Sponsor LLC, dated July 12, 2024. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to relevant exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 15, 2024. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LAUNCH ONE ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Ehrlich 

Name: 
 Chris Ehrlich 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jurgen van de Vyver 

Name: 
 Jurgen van de Vyver 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022025301ex31-1_launch1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Chris Ehrlich, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Launch One Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
13, 2024 

/s/ Chris Ehrlich 

Chris Ehrlich 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022025301ex31-2_launch1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jurgen van de Vyver, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Launch One Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November
13, 2024 

/s/ Jurgen van de Vyver 

Jurgen van de Vyver 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022025301ex32-1_launch1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Launch
One Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Chris Ehrlich , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
13, 2024 

/s/ Chris Ehrlich 

Chris Ehrlich 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022025301ex32-2_launch1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Launch
One Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jurgen van de Vyver, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November
13, 2024 

/s/ Jurgen van de Vyver 

Jurgen van de Vyver 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lpaau-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lpaau-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lpaau-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lpaau-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lpaau-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

