<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241118_10-Q_edgar_data_1865468_0001493152-24-046374.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3645165</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106845</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>694594</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>850898</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>869259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1064077</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-046374.hdr.sgml : 20241118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241115201922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-046374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kairous Acquisition Corp. Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41155
		FILM NUMBER:		241469526

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39 MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD,
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983
		BUSINESS PHONE:		662-255-6851340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39 MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD,
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-046374.txt : 20241118

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

n/a 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , 

 , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Tel:
 - 

 (Issuer s
telephone number) 

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 entitling the
 holder to receive one-tenth of an ordinary share 

As
of November 14, 2024, ordinary shares, par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited 

 FORM
10-Q FOR QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 
 F-1 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-2 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 3 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 8 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 8 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 9 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 9 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information 
 9 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits 
 9 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 10 

2 

PART
I FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Cash held in the Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Extension loans 

Working capital note - sponsor 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6) 
 - 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively (at redemption value) 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 1 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2024 
 2023 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Expenses 

Administration fee - related party 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net loss attributable to ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

Net loss per ordinary share, redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

Net loss per ordinary share, non-redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Balance 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2024 
 2023 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sponsor for extension loans 

Proceeds from sponsor for working capital note 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares
included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in
Note 3. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional
Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December
16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option by purchasing additional units, generating .
The underwriter has further indicated that they will not exercise the remaining over-allotment option, hence the remaining units
were forfeited. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an
aggregate of Units (the Private Placement Units to Kairous Asia Limited (the Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On December 16, 2021,
the underwriters partially exercised the option at which time the Sponsor purchasing additional units, generating . 

As
of December 16, 2021, transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred
underwriting fees payable (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the
 Trust Account and of other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Cash of was held outside
of the Trust Account on December 16, 2021 and was available for working capital purposes. As described in Note 6, the deferred
underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination within 36 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 16, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account which may be invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by
the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described
below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more
operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, management has agreed that per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds of the sale of the Private
Placement Units, will be held in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii)
the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded
at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ).
In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity
instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with
other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of the ordinary shares classified as temporary equity
will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is
probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption
value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable,
if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected
to recognize the changes immediately. The Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such
date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions,
including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. 

If
the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the
Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock
exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents
containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination.
Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether
they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public
Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial
Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval
of any such amendment. 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within months (or up to 36 months, if we extend the time to complete a business
combination) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights
of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its
Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On
December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023, the Company issued two unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor
in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available
to complete a business combination until June 16, 2023. From June 9, 2023 through November 10, 2023, the Company entered into six unsecured
promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in an amount of , in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the
Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until December
16, 2023. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s trust account. 

On
December 14, 2023, the shareholders approved the amendment to the investment management trust agreement,
pursuant to which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December 16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension.
On December 15, 2023 through October 16, 2024, the Company issued 11 unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to
the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time
it has available to complete a business combination until November 16, 2024. In the event that a Business Combination does not close
by November 16, 2024, or up to December 16, 2024, and no amounts will thereafter be due thereon. 

These
unsecured promissory notes were collectively known as Extension Loans. The Extension Loans was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that
the Extension Loans will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into ordinary shares at a price of per share. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its
respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights
to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions
in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavouring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

On
September 30, 2023, the Company executed that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and between
the Company, KAC Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Purchaser ),
KAC Merger Sub 2, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce
Public Company Limited, company formed under the laws of Thailand NRF or the Shareholder ), and Bamboo Mart
Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Bamboo ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger
consideration to with two portions of earn out payments. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares. See Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies Business Combination Agreement. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

Going
Concern Considerations, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had insufficient liquidity to meet its future obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had
working capital deficit of and cash of . The Company has an accumulated deficit and has not generated cash from operations
to support its ongoing business plan. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination. In addition, the Company
expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination target. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management
has determined that its history of losses and insufficient liquidity raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going
concern. In addition to if the Company does not close the Business Combination by November 16, 2024 or up to March 31, 2025 (as extended
pursuant to A R Merger Agreement dated September 25, 2024), the Company is required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares
and thereafter liquidate and dissolve. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

The
Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting commissions, to complete an initial business combination. To the extent that capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue growth strategies. If an initial business combination agreement requires the Company to use a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to pay the purchase price or requires the Company to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the Company will need to reserve
a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Initial Public Offering and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Additionally,
the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions,
 and a series of terror attacks commenced in October 2023 by Hamas militants and members of other
terrorist organizations infiltrating Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and the ensuing war between the State of Israel
and Harakat al-Muqawama al-Islamiya (Islamic Resistance Movement) or Hamas, could trigger global geopolitical, trade,
political, or sanctions risks, as well as the risk of regional or international expansion of the conflict, including isolated conflicts
or terrorist attacks outside of the immediate conflict area, as a result of which the Company s ability to consummate a Business
Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially
and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise
equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market
liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related
sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability
to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

and held in the Trust Account. 

consisted principally
of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These offering costs, together with the underwriter
fees of (or paid in cash upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and a deferred fee of ), were
charged to stockholders equity upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

ordinary shares for a total redemption amount of withdrawn from the Trust
Account. During the year ended June 30, 2023, shareholders elected to redeem ordinary shares for a total redemption amount
of withdrawn from the Trust Account. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shareholders did not elect to redeem ordinary shares. 

Accordingly,
as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively,
in the amount of and are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of
the Company s balance sheets, respectively. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
recognized a measurement adjustment from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Less: 

Transaction costs allocated to ordinary shares 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights and Warrants 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2023 

Plus: 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Current period measurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption
value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption September 30, 2024 

The
calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial
Public Offering and (ii) the Private Placement. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any
dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the
earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the period presented. 

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account.
The Company has not experienced any losses on the Trust Account. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to
the Company in the amount of . Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, one half of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of per share subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). Each ten rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share at the closing of a business combination. The
Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, shareholders must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for
all of the rights upon closing of a business combination. On December 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option by purchasing additional units, generating . 

Units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On December 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the option at which
time the Sponsor purchasing additional units, generating . 

A
portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law). The Private Placement Units will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business
Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

of the Company s ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of that was paid by the Sponsor for deferred offering costs. All share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this number of Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to
 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so
that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. Due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, these
 shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) six months after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
and subsequently, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (C) after 150 calendar days after the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination, and subsequently, the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any . 

General
and Administrative Services 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support during the Combination Period. Upon the earlier of the completion of the
Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Effective on January
1, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to terminate the management services. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company recorded nil and in management fees, respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
the Company paid management fees of nil and , respectively, to the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company
had management fees payable of and , respectively, due to the Sponsor. 

In
addition, the fees due to the Sponsor under the administrative support agreement, from time to time, the Company will pay the Sponsor
for miscellaneous operating expenses. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was not charged by the Sponsor
for operating expenses, or pay such expenses to the Sponsor. The Company had outstanding operating fees payable of and , respectively,
due to the Sponsor as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

On
January 1, 2024, the Company has agreed to pay NR Instant Produce PCL NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder)
a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support during the Combination Period. For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and nil in management fees, respectively. During the
year ended June 30, 2024, the Company did not pay management fees to NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder). During the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not pay management fees to NRIP. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024,
the Company had management fees payable of and , respectively, due to the NRIP. 

Working
Capital Note 

On
April 23, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Working Capital Note ), pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . On May 12, 2021, the amount of the Working Capital Note
was increased to . On December 10, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide an extension to the maturity date of the Working Capital
Note. The Working Capital Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the consummation of the
Initial Business Combination. The Working Capital Note was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital Note shall
be payable on the earlier of: (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by
conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at
a price of per share. The Working Capital Note was further amended on September 18, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital
Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) December 16, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company
consummates the initial business combination, by conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently
with the closing of a business combination at a price of per share. On October 25, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into
another amendment to the Working Capital Note to increase the principal amsount of the Working Capital Note from to .
On February 27, 2024 , t he Working Capital Note was amended to provide that the Working Capital Note shall
be payable on the earlier of: (i) March 31, 2025 (as extended pursuant to A R Merger Agreement dated September 25, 2024) or
(ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary
shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at a price of per share. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, there was and outstanding under the Working Capital Note, respectively. 

Extension
Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with extending time to complete a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required Extension Loans ). Such Extension Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes will be converted
upon completion of a Business Combination into ordinary shares at a price of per share. On December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023,
the Company issued two non-interest bearing unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor in exchange for
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete
a business combination until June 16, 2023. 

The
Extension Loans was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Extension Loans will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination
into ordinary shares at a price of per share. 

From
June 9, 2023 through November 10, 2023, the Company entered into six unsecured promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in
an amount of , in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount
of time it has available to complete a business combination until December 16, 2023. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s
trust account. 

On
December 14, 2023, the shareholders approved the amendment to the investment management trust agreement,
pursuant to which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December 16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension.
On December 15, 2023 through September 13, 2024, the Company issued 11 unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to
the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time
it has available to complete a business combination until November 16, 2024. In the event that a Business Combination does
not close by November 16, 2024, or up to December 16, 2024, and no amounts will thereafter be due thereon. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, there were and outstanding under the Extension Loans. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts. On December 16, 2021, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option by purchasing additional units, generating . 

The
underwriters were paid to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company paid the underwriters an additional fee of
 (net of Representative s purchase option fee of and an additional deferred fee of which will be payable
upon completion of a Business Combination. 

The
underwriters were also issued Ordinary shares as representative shares, in connection with the IPO. Upon close of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company recorded additional issuance costs of , the grant date fair value of the shares, with an offset
to additional paid-in capital. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company and the underwriters in the IPO, entered into an amendment of the underwriting agreement (the UWA
Amendment ). The UWA Amendment provides that the deferred underwriting fee from the IPO (the Deferred Underwriting
Fee shall be paid as follows: (a) to the extent that the balance in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account as of the Closing Date exceeds , such excess shall be applied to the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Fee in cash up to
 , and (b) any amounts not so paid pursuant to the preceding clause (a) shall be converted into Purchaser ordinary shares at
a conversion rate of per share. 

Advisory
Agreement 

On
June 14, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan in which the company
retains Chardan to provide financial advisory services including (i) advise and assist the Company in negotiating the terms and conditions
in the business combination, (ii) introduce the Company to potential targets, takeover candidates, investors and/or business partners,
(iii) perform other financial advisory services as agreed upon, and (iv) engage additional broke-dealers upon the Company s written
consent. As compensation for such services, the Company is to pay Chardan advisory fees which become payable upon the consummation of
the business combination. 

Because
the consummation of the business combination is contingent and is not in the control of the Company, the Company cannot reasonably assess
if the liabilities due to Chardan will incur. Accordingly, the Company does not accrue expenses due to Chardan until the consummation
of the business combination. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
December 9, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger with, among others, Wellous Group Limited, a Cayman
Islands exempted company Wellous ), which provides for a business combination between the Company and Wellous. Subsequently
on June 22, 2023, we and Wellous entered into a termination agreement which provides for the mutual termination of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger. 

On
September 30, 2023, the Company executed that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement ), by
and between the Company, KAC Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Purchaser ),
KAC Merger Sub 2, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce
Public Company Limited, company formed under the laws of Thailand (the Shareholder ), and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman
Islands exempted company Bamboo ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger
consideration to with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares as follows: 

Number
 of Purchaser Ordinary Shares to be Received 
 
 Condition
 to be Satisfied 
 
 Up
 to Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the volume-weighted average price VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30
 consecutive trading days within three years after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser
 Ordinary Shares; 
 
 (ii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser shall issue to the
 Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (iii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, Purchaser shall issue
 to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Up
 to Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 equals or
 exceeds , Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (ii)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 equals or
 exceeds , in addition to the issuance of the Tranche 2 Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser
 shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

As
previously disclosed, pursuant to the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement SPA dated June 30, 2023, by and among Kairous
Ventures Limited KVL ), and Regeneration Capital (Cayman) Limited (the Buyer ), KVL agreed to sell to Buyer,
and Buyer agreed to purchase from KVL, an aggregate of ordinary shares, representing a equity interest in, Kairous Asia Limited,
which is the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of (the Transaction ).
In addition, KVL also offered the Buyer a 30-day call option to purchase the remaining equity interest in the Sponsor at cash consideration
of approximately million. The Transaction was consummated on July 14, 2023, and the Buyer did not exercise the call option before
it expired. 

The
Company analyzed the SPA entered into in June 2023 under SAB Topic 5, Miscellaneous Accounting, section T, Accounting for Expenses or
Liabilities Paid by Principal Stockholder(s). Because
the sum of the fair value of equity interest in the Sponsor KVL transferred and the fair value of 30-day call option offered
 was below the cash consideration of million, the Company did not record expense under SAB Topic 5T. 

The
Buyer and Bamboo Mart Limited are under the common control of NRIP. Mr. Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi was appointed as an independent director
and chairman of the Audit Committee of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited on November 25, 2023. He has served as an independent director
since 2018 and as Chairman of risk management committee since 2021 of the board of NRIP. 

On September 15, 2023, the
Buyer and KVL entered into a loan facility agreement in the amount of up to (the Facility Agreement ). The loan
bears interest at per annum. KVL has drawn down the full of this facility. On September 15, 2023, the Buyer and KVL entered
into an Equitable Share Mortgage Agreement (the Share Mortgage ), pursuant to which KVL mortgaged the equity interest
in the Sponsor to and for the benefit of the Buyer, as security for KVL s obligation under the Facility Agreement (the Mortgaged
Shares ). KVL retained all rights to vote the Mortgaged Shares unless and until an event of default under the Facility Agreement
and/or the Share Mortgage occurs. 

On September 25, 2024, the
Buyer issued a demand notice to KVL, notifying KVL that it had not repaid the loan or any other amounts due and payable under the terms
of the Facility Agreement, and requesting repayment of (representing the loan together with interest and default interest thereon
accrued up to September 23, 2024) by no later than September 30, 2024, failing which the Buyer intended to enforce the Share Mortgage
over the Mortgaged Shares. On November 1, 2024, the Buyer took legal title of the Mortgaged Shares from KVL, and became the record and
beneficial owner of 100 of the Sponsor. 

ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders
of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, there were ordinary
shares issued and outstanding in shareholders equity. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, there were an additional 
and ordinary shares included in temporary equity on the balance sheets, respectively. During the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, shareholders did not redeem ordinary shares, nor did the Company make redemption payments to the shareholders. 

Holders
of ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required
by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the
shareholders of the target or other investors to provide or voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those
in effect upon completion of the IPO. 

Rights
 Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will
automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. The Company will
not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole
share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. 

Warrants
 Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of ordinary share at a price of per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. However,
no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current Form 10-Q relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective by the 90th day
following the consummation of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event
of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The
 fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading
days ending on the third trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion
of an initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional units the Company issued to the Sponsor, officers, directors, initial
shareholders or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to the Company, will be identical to the warrants underlying
the units being offered. 

The
Company may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant, 

at
 any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

;
 and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then- prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to
exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last
sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to
cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the Prospectus, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or
(ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to
the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered
holders of the warrants, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and
receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote
for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

, to the Sponsor in exchange for
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the business combination period to November
16, 2024. The Notes do not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. In addition, the Notes
will be converted by the holder into ordinary shares of the Company at a price of per share at the closing of a business combination. 

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 20 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and
directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Kairous Asia Limited. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company, incorporated on March 24, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company. We were incorporated for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Quarterly Report as our initial business combination . We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement Units (as defined below), the sale of certain forward purchase securities, our shares
(other backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise), securities, debt
or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

We
held our annual meeting of shareholders on December 2, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Meeting ). During the 2022 Annual Meeting,
shareholders approved, among other things, (x) the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by
which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination eight (8) times, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 for each three-month extension, followed by (ii)
six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16, 2023 for each one-month extension; (y) an
amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company to extend the time to complete a business combination eight (8) times, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 by depositing 360,000 to the trust account for
each three-month extension, followed by (ii) six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16,
2023 by depositing 120,000 to the trust account for each one-month extension; and (z) elected all of the six nominees for directors
to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders approved. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

As
approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on December 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment, dated December
15, 2023 (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, as amended on December
7, 2022, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the
time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December
16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account 50,000 for each one-month extension. 

On
December 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, in an amount of 360,000 (the Extension Note No.1 to Kairous
Asia Limited, the Company s initial public offering sponsor Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount
into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until
March 16, 2023. On March 10, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note, in an amount of 360,000 to the Sponsor (the Extension
Note No.2 , together with Extension Note No.1, the Extension Notes in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount
into the Company s trust account in order to further extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination
until June 16, 2023. The March Note may be converted, at the lender s discretion, into additional ordinary shares. The Extension
Notes were amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the each of the Extension Notes will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination
into the Company s ordinary shares at a price of 10.10 per share. In the event that a Business Combination does not close by June
16, 2023, as such deadline may be further extended, the Extension Notes shall be deemed to be terminated and no amounts will thereafter
be due thereon. 

On
June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, the Company entered into four unsecured promissory note arrangements
with the Sponsor, each in an amount of 120,000, in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account
in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until July 16, 2023, August 16, 2023, September
16, 2023 and October 16, 2023, respectively. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s trust account on June 9, 2023,
June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, respectively. 

On
December 15, 2023, January 10, 2024, February 12, 2024, March 15, 2024, April 12, 2024, May 15, 2024, June 13, 2024, July 15, 2024, August
16, 2024, September 13, 2024 and October 16, 2024, Kairous issued various Extension Notes to the Sponsor, in the amount of 50,000 each,
which amounts were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to November 16, 2024. 

3 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger with, among others, Wellous Group Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company Wellous ), which provides for a business combination between us and Wellous. Wellous is a fast-growing
Asia-based international nutrition company that develops, manufactures, markets and sells health and wellness products. Subsequently
on June 22, 2023, we and Wellous entered into a termination agreement which provides for the mutual termination of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger. 

On
September 30, 2023, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement with KAC
Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and our wholly owned subsidiary Purchaser ), KAC Merger Sub 2, a Cayman
Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce Public Company Limited,
company formed under the laws of Thailand, and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Bamboo Mart ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger consideration to 188,000,000 with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to 188,000,000 to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to 8,554,455
shares of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares as follows: 

Number
 of Purchaser Ordinary Shares to be Received 
 
 Condition
 to be Satisfied 
 
 Up
 to 2,930,693 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the volume-weighted average price VWAP is equal to or greater than 12.50 per share for any 20 out of 30
 consecutive trading days within three years after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser
 Ordinary Shares; 
 
 (ii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 15.00 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser shall issue to the
 Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (iii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 17.50 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, Purchaser shall issue
 to the Bamboo Shareholders 732,673 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Up
 to 5,623,762 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 equals or
 exceeds 122,800,000, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (ii)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 equals or
 exceeds 170,200,000, in addition to the issuance of the Tranche 2 Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser
 shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

4 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from March 24,
2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public
Offering and, after the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form
of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had net loss of 16,891, which resulted from operating costs of 230,774, offset by interest
income on the operating account and the investments held in a trust account (the Trust Account in the amount of 213,883. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had net loss of 57,815, which resulted from operating costs of 357,484, offset by interest
income on the operating account and the Trust Account in the amount of 299,668. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
December 16, 2021, we consummated an Initial Public Offering of 7,800,000 Units (the Units generating gross proceeds to
the Company of 78,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale
(the Private Placement of an aggregate of 357,143 Units (the Private Placement Units to Kairous Asia Limited
(the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the
amount of 3,571,430. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 88,352, which was due to net loss of 16,891 and
interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 213,883, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities
of 142,422. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 198,209, which was due to net loss of 57,815
and interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 299,668, partially offset by changes in operating assets and
liabilities of 159,274. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 6,103 held outside the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

5 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had insufficient liquidity to meet its future obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had
working capital deficit of 3,516,611 and cash of 6,103. The Company has a history of losses, an accumulated deficit and has not generated
cash from operations to support its ongoing business plan. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination.
In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination target. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management
has determined that its history of losses and insufficient liquidity raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going
concern. In addition to if the Company does not close the Business Combination by up to March 31, 2025 (as extended pursuant to A R
Merger Agreement dated September 25, 2024),, the Company is required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter
liquidate and dissolve. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting commissions, to complete an initial business combination. To the extent that capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue growth strategies. If an initial business combination agreement requires the Company to use a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to pay the purchase price or requires the Company to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the Company will need to reserve
a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Units, shares being issued to the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, and ordinary
shares that may be issued on conversion of Extension Loan and working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities,
as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective
date of Initial Public Offering requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will be
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion
of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or
cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which the underwriter partially exercised in full, and
the additional Units were issued on December 16, 2021. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,559,900 in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriter is
entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 2,730,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

6 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company and the underwriters in the IPO, entered into an amendment of the underwriting agreement (the UWA
Amendment ). The UWA Amendment provides that the 2,730,000 deferred underwriting fee from the IPO (the Deferred Underwriting
Fee shall be paid as follows: (a) to the extent that the balance in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account as of the Closing Date exceeds 2,000,000, such excess shall be applied to the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Fee in cash up to
 2,730,000, and (b) any amounts not so paid pursuant to the preceding clause (a) shall be converted into Purchaser ordinary shares at
a conversion rate of 10.00 per share. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the 7,800,000 ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer
in connection with a business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be
classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all ordinary shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss)
per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The
Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings (loss) per share. The remeasurement adjustment associated with the redeemable
ordinary shares is excluded from earnings (loss) per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The
calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i)
Initial Public Offering and (ii) the Private Placement. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
(loss) of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the period presented. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant
judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed
at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to
one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. As of September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

7 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information.
ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07. 

On
December 14, 2023, the FASB issued a final standard on improvements to income tax disclosures. The standard requires disaggregated information
about a reporting entity s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended
to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. ASU
2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, applies to all entities subject to income taxes. For public business entities (PBEs),
the new requirements will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. For entities other than public business
entities (non-PBEs), the requirements will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025. The guidance will be applied
on a prospective basis with the option to apply the standard retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing
the impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. 

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of such date. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

8 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering IPO of 7,800,000 units (the Units (including the issuance of 300,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option). Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary Share ), one-half of one warrant Warrant entitling its holder
to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an Ordinary Share upon
the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 78,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement Private Placement of 357,143 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,571,430. A
total of 78,780,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option units) and the Private
Placements on December 16, 2021, were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

The
Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions.
The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the private shares underlying the Private Units (the Private Shares and any public shares acquired by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-business combination
activities prior to the consummation of a business combination unless the Company offers holders of IPO shares the right to receive their
pro rata portion of the funds then held in the trust account, (C) not to convert any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in
connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (D)
that the Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated.
Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted
transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees
of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. 

We
paid a total of 1,560,000, in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the 3.5 deferred underwriting commission payable
at the consummation of initial business combination) and 552,288 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the IPO. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information. 

None. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

9 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
November 15, 2024 

Kairous
 Acquisition Corp. Limited 

By: 
 /s/
 Athiwat Apichote 

Athiwat
 Apichote 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Athiwat Apichote, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 15, 2024 

/s/ Athiwat Apichote 

Athiwat Apichote 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Usanee Lekvanichkul, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited, 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 15, 2024 

/s/ Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 15, 2024 

/s/ Athiwat Apichote 

Athiwat Apichote 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 15, 2024 

/s/ Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kacl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kacl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kacl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kacl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

