<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_824410_0000824410-24-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20723312</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195579</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2118517</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11037741</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3473748</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3295719</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000824410-24-000045.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108074901
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000824410-24-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824410
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				521532952
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19065
		FILM NUMBER:		241438034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3017746400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17801 GEORGIA AVENUE
		CITY:			OLNEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20832

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000824410-24-000045.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 sasr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sasr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) 
 Yes No 
 The number of outstanding shares of common stock as of November 5, 2024 
 
 Common stock, 1.00 par value shares 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Condition - Unaudited as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income - Unaudited for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Unaudited for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Unaudited for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 38 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 70 
 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 70 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 71 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 71 
 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 73 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 73 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 73 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 73 
 Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 74 
 SIGNATURES 
 75 
 
 2 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION UNAUDITED 
 
 September 30, December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Assets: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Interest-bearing deposits with banks Cash and cash equivalents Residential mortgage loans held for sale (at fair value) SBA loans held for sale Investments held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value of and , respectively) 
 Investments available-for-sale (at fair value) Other investments, at cost Total loans Less: allowance for credit losses - loans ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment, net Other real estate owned Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Securities sold under retail repurchase agreements Federal Reserve Bank borrowings Advances from FHLB Subordinated debt Total borrowings Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock -- par value ; shares authorized ; shares issued and outstanding 
 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 3 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME UNAUDITED 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on mortgage loans held for sale Interest on SBA loans held for sale Interest on deposits with banks Interest and dividend income on investment securities: Taxable Tax-advantaged Interest on federal funds sold Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased Interest on advances from FHLB Interest on subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income Provision/ (credit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision/ (credit) for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Mortgage banking activities Wealth management income Income from bank owned life insurance Bank card fees Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense of premises Equipment expense Marketing Outside data services FDIC insurance Amortization of intangible assets Professional fees and services Other expenses Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Per share information: Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Dividends declared per share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 4 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/ (LOSS) UNAUDITED 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income/ (loss): Investments available-for-sale: Net change in unrealized gains/ (losses) on investments available-for-sale ) ) Related income tax (expense)/ benefit ) ) Net investment gains reclassified into earnings Related income tax expense Net effect on other comprehensive income/ (loss) ) ) Investments held-to-maturity: Amortization of unrealized loss transferred from investments available-for-sale Related income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income/ (loss) Defined benefit pension plan: Amortization of net loss Related income tax benefit ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income/ (loss) Total other comprehensive income/ (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 5 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY UNAUDITED 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Balances at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Total comprehensive income Common stock dividends - per share 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock option plan - shares 
 Employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Restricted stock vesting, net of tax withholding - shares 
 ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) Balances at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income Common stock dividends - per share 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock option plan - shares 
 Employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 6 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY UNAUDITED 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Balances at January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Total comprehensive income Common stock dividends - per share 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock option plan - shares 
 Employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Restricted stock vesting, net of tax withholding - 
 shares 
 ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) Balances at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income Common stock dividends - per share 
 ) ) Stock compensation expense Common stock issued pursuant to: Stock option plan - shares 
 Employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Restricted stock vesting, net of tax withholding - shares 
 ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 7 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS UNAUDITED 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision/ (credit) for credit losses ) Share based compensation expense Deferred income tax expense Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) Gains on sale of other real estate owned ) Tax (benefit)/ deficiency associated with share based compensation Net (increase)/ decrease in accrued interest receivable ) Net increase in other assets ) ) Net increase/ (decrease) accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Sales/ (purchases) of other investments ) Purchases of investments available-for-sale ) Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal payments of investments available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal payments of investments held-to-maturity Net (increase)/ decrease in loans ) Proceeds from the sales of other real estate owned Expenditures for premises and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by/ (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities: Net increase in deposits Net increase/ (decrease) in retail repurchase agreements, federal funds purchased and Federal Reserve Bank borrowings ) Proceeds from FHLB advances Repayment of FHLB advances ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Stock tendered for payment of withholding taxes ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures: Interest payments Income tax payments Transfers from loans to other real estate owned 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 
 
 8 

SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - UNAUDITED 

NOTE 1 

9 

10 

11 

reporting units: Community Banking and Investment Management. The results of the 2023 annual goodwill 
 12 

reporting units, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments, indicated that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount and that the goodwill assigned to the Community Banking reporting unit may be at risk of impairment in future periods. The Company provided detailed disclosures regarding the 2023 impairment analysis and the results of the testing in its annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 in its 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to the annual impairment testing process, on a quarterly basis, the Company monitors each reporting unit for any triggering events and performs qualitative assessments of impairment indicators. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company determined that there were no triggering events and completed the qualitative assessment of impairment indicators, which included an assessment of changes in macroeconomic conditions and comparison of the actual operating performance to the forecast used in the most recent annual impairment test. Based on these considerations, the Company concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our reporting units remained above the respective carrying amounts as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 On October 21, 2024, Bancorp entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Atlantic Union. Refer to Note 17 for more details on the announced transaction. Management is currently reviewing and evaluating the terms of the transaction and their impact on the goodwill as a part of its annual goodwill impairment assessment. 
 
 Other intangible assets have finite lives and are reviewed for impairment annually. These assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line or sum-of-the-years basis over varying periods that initially did not exceed 15 years. Intangible assets are reviewed or analyzed periodically to determine if it appears that their value has diminished beyond the value in the financial statements. The review or analysis of the intangible assets did not indicate that any impairment occurred during the third quarter of 2024. 

13 

NOTE 2 
 ) ) State and municipal ) ) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed ) ) Total available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Held-to-maturity debt securities: Mortgage-backed and asset-backed ) ) Total held-to-maturity debt securities ) ) Total debt securities ) ) 
 
 Any unrealized losses in the U.S. treasuries and government agencies, state and municipal, mortgage-backed and asset-backed available-for-sale debt securities at September 30, 2024 are due to changes in interest rates and not credit-related events. As such, no allowance for credit losses is required at September 30, 2024. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities are expected to recover over time as these securities approach maturity. The Company does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not it will be required to sell, these securities and has sufficient liquidity to hold these securities for an adequate period of time, which may be maturity, to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 
 
 All held-to-maturity investments are either issued by a direct governmental entity or a government-sponsored entity and have no historical evidence supporting expected credit losses. Therefore, the Company has estimated these losses at zero and will monitor this assumption in the future for any economic or governmental policies that could affect this assumption. 
 
 The available-for-sale and held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities portfolio at September 30, 2024 is composed entirely of either the most senior tranches of GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC collateralized mortgage obligations million), GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC mortgage-backed securities million) or SBA asset-backed securities million). 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on investment securities totaled million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, and is excluded from the amortized cost and fair value of the securities. 
 
 State and municipal Mortgage-backed and asset-backed Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Number of Securities Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. treasuries and government agencies State and municipal Mortgage-backed and asset-backed Total 
 
 14 

One to five years Five to ten years After ten years State and municipal: One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed and asset-backed: One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Held-to-maturity debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed: One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities with a book value of million and million, respectively, were pledged and designated as collateral for certain government deposits, public and trust funds, securities sold under repurchase agreements and other purposes as required or permitted by law. The outstanding balance of no single issuer, except for U.S. Agencies securities, exceeded ten percent of stockholders' equity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Other investments 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta stock, at cost Other Total other investments, at cost 
 15 

NOTE 3 
 million and million, respectively, at the end of each period. Accrued interest receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are excluded from the amortized cost of the loans. 
 
 Commercial owner-occupied real estate Commercial AD C Commercial business Total commercial loans Residential real estate: Residential mortgage Residential construction Consumer Total residential and consumer loans Total loans 
 
 Portfolio Segments 
 The Company currently manages its credit products and the respective exposure to credit losses (credit risk) by the following specific portfolio segments (classes) which are levels at which the Company develops and documents its systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses attributable to each respective portfolio segment. These segments are: 
 
 Commercial investor real estate loans - Commercial investor real estate loans consist of loans secured by nonowner-occupied properties where an established banking relationship exists and involves investment properties for warehouse, retail, and office space with a history of occupancy and cash flow. This commercial investor real estate category contains mortgage loans to the developers and owners of commercial real estate where the borrower intends to operate or sell the property at a profit and use the income stream or proceeds from the sale(s) to repay the loan. 
 
 Commercial owner-occupied real estate loans - Commercial owner-occupied real estate loans consist of commercial mortgage loans secured by owner-occupied properties where an established banking relationship exists and involves a variety of property types to conduct the borrower s operations. The decision to extend a loan is based upon the borrower s financial health and the ability of the borrower and the business to repay. The primary source of repayment for this type of loan is the cash flow from the operations of the business. 
 
 Commercial acquisition, development and construction loans - Commercial acquisition, development and construction loans are intended to finance the construction of commercial properties and include loans for the acquisition and development of land. Construction loans represent a higher degree of risk than permanent real estate loans and may be affected by a variety of additional factors such as the borrower s ability to control costs and adhere to time schedules and the risk that constructed units may not be absorbed by the market within the anticipated time frame or at the anticipated price. The loan commitment on these loans often includes an interest reserve that allows the lender to periodically advance loan funds to pay interest charges on the outstanding balance of the loan. 
 
 Commercial business loans - Commercial business loans are made to provide funds for equipment and general corporate needs. Repayment of a loan primarily comes from the funds obtained from the operation of the borrower s business. Commercial business loans also include lines of credit that are utilized to finance a borrower s short-term credit needs and/or to finance a percentage of eligible receivables and inventory. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans - The residential mortgage loans category contains permanent mortgage loans principally to consumers secured by residential real estate. Residential real estate loans are evaluated for the adequacy of repayment sources at the time of approval, based upon measures including credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and collateral values. Loans may be either conforming or non-conforming. 
 16 

NOTE 4 
 Provision/ (credit) for credit losses - loans (1) 
 ) Loan charge-offs ) ) Loan recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) Balance at period end 
 (1) Excludes the total credit to the provision on unfunded loan commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Collateral dependent loans individually evaluated for credit loss without an allowance Total individually evaluated collateral dependent loans Allowance for credit losses related to loans evaluated individually Allowance for credit losses related to loans evaluated collectively Total allowance for credit losses - loans 
 
 17 

Provision/ (credit) for credit losses - loans ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/ recoveries ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period Total loans Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans ratio Average loans Annualized net charge-offs/ (recoveries) to average loans ) ) Balance of loans individually evaluated for credit loss Allowance related to loans evaluated individually Individual allowance to loans evaluated individually ratio Contractual balance of individually evaluated loans Balance of loans collectively evaluated for credit loss Allowance related to loans evaluated collectively Collective allowance to loans evaluated collectively ratio 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Investor R/E Commercial Owner- Occupied R/E Commercial AD C Commercial Business Residential Mortgage Residential Construction Consumer Total Balance at beginning of period Provision for credit losses - loans ) ) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs)/ recoveries ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period Total loans Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans ratio Average loans Net charge-offs/ (recoveries) to average loans ) Balance of loans individually evaluated for credit loss Allowance related to loans evaluated individually Individual allowance to loans evaluated individually ratio Contractual balance of individually evaluated loans Balance of loans collectively evaluated for credit loss Allowance related to loans evaluated collectively Collective allowance to loans evaluated collectively ratio 
 
 18 

Loans placed on non-accrual Non-accrual balances transferred to OREO ) ) Non-accrual balances charged-off ) ) ) ) Net payments or draws ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-accrual loans brought current ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate (In thousands) Commercial Investor R/E Commercial Owner- Occupied R/E Commercial AD C Commercial Business Residential Mortgage Residential Construction Consumer Total Analysis of non-accrual loan activity: Balance at beginning of period Loans placed on non-accrual Non-accrual balances transferred to OREO Non-accrual balances charged-off ) ) ) ) Net payments or draws ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-accrual loans brought current ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

30-59 days 60-89 days Total performing loans Non-performing loans: Non-accrual loans Loans greater than 90 days past due Total non-performing loans Total loans 
 
 19 

30-59 days 60-89 days Total performing loans Non-performing loans: Non-accrual loans Loans greater than 90 days past due Total non-performing loans Total loans 
 
 Contractual interest income due on non- 
 accrual loans during the period 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate (In thousands) Commercial Investor R/E Commercial Owner- Occupied R/E Commercial AD C Commercial Business Residential Mortgage Residential Construction Consumer Total Average non-accrual loans for the period Contractual interest income due on non- 
 accrual loans during the period 

There was interest income recognized on non-accrual loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 1 for additional information on the Company's policies for non-accrual loans. Loans designated as non-accrual have all previously accrued but unpaid interest reversed from interest income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 new loans placed on non-accrual status totaled million and the related amount of reversed uncollected accrued interest was million. 
 
 The credit quality indicators for commercial loans are developed through review of individual borrowers on an ongoing basis. Each borrower is evaluated at least annually with more frequent evaluations of classified and criticized loans. The indicators represent the rating for loans as of the date presented and are based on the most recent credit review performed. These credit quality indicators are defined as follows: 
 
 Pass - A pass rated credit is not adversely classified because it does not display any of the characteristics for adverse classification. 
 
 Special mention A special mention credit has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If uncorrected, such weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects or collateral position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not warrant adverse classification. 
 
 Substandard A substandard loan is inadequately protected by the current net worth and payment capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified as substandard generally have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. These loans are characterized by the distinct possibility of loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful A loan that is classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in a loan classified as substandard with added characteristics that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values. 
 20 

21 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial AD C: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial Business: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential Mortgage: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential Construction: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Consumer: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans 
 
 22 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial AD C: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial Business: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential Mortgage: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Residential Construction: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Consumer: Beacon score: 660-850 600-659 540-599 less than 540 Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans 
 
 23 

Months Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Months Commercial AD C Commercial Business Months All Other loans Total 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Interest rate reduction Term extension Rate reduction Term extension Total Interest rate reduction Term extension (in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Amount of total loan segment Weighted Average Weighted Average Commercial Investor R/E Months Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Months Commercial AD C Commercial Business Months All Other loans Total 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Interest rate reduction Term extension Rate reduction Term extension Total Interest rate reduction Term extension (in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Amount of total loan segment Weighted Average Weighted Average Commercial Investor R/E Months Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Months Commercial AD C Months Commercial Business Months All Other loans Months Total 
 
 24 

Months Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Months Commercial AD C Months Commercial Business Months All Other loans Total 
 
 Unfunded loan commitments on modifications for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty totaled million at September 30, 2024. These commitments are not included in the table above. 
 
 Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Commercial AD C Commercial Business All Other loans Total 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total Commercial Investor R/E Commercial Owner-Occupied R/E Commercial AD C Commercial Business All Other loans Total 
 
 There were loans for million that defaulted (defined as new non-accrual or 90 days past due) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and that had been modified in the form of principal forgiveness, an interest rate reduction, an other-than-insignificant payment delay, or a term extension (or a combination thereof) within the previous 12 months preceding the payment default when the debtor was experiencing financial difficulty at the time of the modification. 
 
 Other Real Estate Owned 
 Other real estate owned ("OREO") totaled million at September 30, 2024 as compared to at December 31, 2023. There were million in consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 25 

NOTE 5 
 No activity Balances at September 30, 2024 
 
 ) years ) years Software intangibles ) years ) years Other identifiable intangibles ) years ) years Total amortizing intangible assets ) ) Non-amortizing intangible assets: Intangible projects in process (1) 
 Total intangible assets ) ) Goodwill 
 (1) Capitalized costs on internal-use licensed software-related projects that are currently in the development/implementation phase. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortizing intangible assets 

NOTE 6 
 Interest-bearing deposits: Demand Money market savings Regular savings Time deposits of less than 250,000 Time deposits of 250,000 or more Total interest-bearing deposits Total deposits 
 
 26 

NOTE 7 
 million aggregate principal amount Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due in 2032. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of per year through March 29, 2027. Commencing on March 30, 2027, the notes will bear interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the benchmark rate (which is expected to be the three-month SOFR rate) plus a spread of basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The total amount of debt issuance costs incurred was million, which are being amortized through the contractual life of the debt. The entire amount of the subordinated debt is considered Tier 2 capital under current regulatory guidelines. 
 
 On November 5, 2019, the Company completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due in 2029. The notes bear a fixed interest rate of per year through November 14, 2024. Beginning November 15, 2024, the interest rate will become a floating rate equal to three-month SOFR plus basis points (including a benchmark adjustment of basis points) through the remaining maturity or early redemption date of the notes. The interest will be paid in arrears semi-annually during the fixed rate period and quarterly during the floating rate period. The Company incurred million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized through the contractual life of the debt. The entire amount of the subordinated debt is considered Tier 2 capital under current regulatory guidelines. 

Fixed to floating rate subordinated debt, 
 Total subordinated debt Less: Debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term borrowings 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million of outstanding retail repurchase agreements. 
 
 The Company had outstanding federal funds purchased at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The available borrowing federal funds capacity under unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks was million at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company fully paid off million of outstanding borrowings through the Federal Reserve's Bank Term Funding Program. 
 
 The Company had secured lines of credit available from the Federal Reserve Bank and correspondent banks of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, collateralized by loans, with borrowings outstanding at the end of either period. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had the ability to pledge collateral at prevailing market rates under a line of credit with the FHLB of billion. FHLB availability based on pledged collateral at September 30, 2024 amounted to billion, with million outstanding. At December 31, 2023, the Company had the ability to pledge collateral at prevailing market rates under a line of credit with the FHLB of billion. The availability of FHLB borrowings based on the collateral pledged at December 31, 2023 was billion with million outstanding. 
 
 billion, commercial real estate loans amounting to billion, home equity lines of credit HELOC amounting to million, and multifamily loans amounting to million at September 30, 2024, as collateral under the borrowing agreement with the FHLB. At December 31, 2023, the Company had pledged collateral of qualifying mortgage loans of billion, commercial real estate loans of billion, HELOC loans of million, and multifamily loans of million under the FHLB borrowing agreement. 

NOTE 8 
 million of the Company's common stock. During 2022, the Company repurchased and retired common shares at an average price of per share for the total cost of million. The Company did repurchase any shares of its common stock during 2023 or during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Under the current authorization, common stock with a total value of up to million remains available to be repurchased. 
 
 27 

NOTE 9 
 shares of common stock, subject to adjustment, has a term of years, and is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. There were shares available for issuance under the 2024 Plan at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the respective stock option, restricted stock, restricted stock unit grant or performance share units. The Company recognized compensation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to restricted stock award grants, restricted stock unit grants and performance share unit grants. The total of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit grants, and performance share unit grants was approximately million as of September 30, 2024. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted restricted stock units and performance share units, of which units are subject to achievement of certain performance conditions measured over a performance period, and restricted stock units are subject to a vesting schedule. The Company did t grant any stock options under the 2024 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/ cancelled ) Non-vested at September 30, 2024 
 
 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited Expired ) Balance at September 30, 2024 year Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years 

NOTE 10 
 
 28 

million cash contribution. As a result of the pension termination, the Company incurred a one-time settlement expense of million, which was recognized in salaries and employee benefits expense in 2023. 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Pension settlement expense Other Net periodic benefit cost 

NOTE 11 
 Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Total weighted average outstanding shares Less: Weighted average participating securities ) ) ) ) Basic weighted average common shares Dilutive weighted average common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average common shares Basic net income per common share Diluted net income per common share Anti-dilutive shares 

NOTE 12 
 29 

) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings, net of tax Current period change in other comprehensive loss, net of tax Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 (In thousands) Unrealized Gains/ (Losses) on Debt Securities Available-for-Sale Defined Benefit Pension Plan Unrealized Losses on Debt Securities Transferred from Available-for-Sale to Held-to-Maturity Total Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification, net of tax ) ) Pension termination - final valuation of plan assets Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax Current period change in other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Income before taxes ) ) Tax benefit Net loss ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension plan items: Affected line item in the Statements of Income: Recognized actuarial loss (2) 
 ) Pension settlement expense (2) 
 ) Income before taxes ) Tax benefit Net loss ) 
 (1) Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity debt securities is fully offset by accretion of a discount on held-to-maturity debt securities with no overall impact on net income and yield. 
 (2) This amount is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10 for additional information on the pension plan. 

NOTE 13 
 or more. The Company does not sublease any of its leased real estate properties. 
 
 30 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases: Operating cash flows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in the exchange for lease liabilities due to: New leases Acquisitions September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases: Operating lease ROU assets Operating lease liabilities Other information related to leases: Weighted average remaining lease term of operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate of operating leases 
 ROU assets and lease liabilities are recorded in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Condition. Operating lease cost is recorded in the occupancy expense of premises in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Present value discount ) Lease liability 
 
 The Company had operating lease that has not yet commenced operations at September 30, 2024. The Company does not have any lease arrangements with any of its related parties as of September 30, 2024. 

NOTE 14 
 31 

in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
 The Company enters into interest rate lock commitments, which are commitments to originate loans where the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding and the customers have locked into that interest rate. The loans are sold to the secondary market on either a mandatory or best efforts basis. Loans sold on a mandatory basis are not committed to an investor until the loan is closed with the borrower. The Company enters into forward to-be-announced TBA sales contracts to manage the interest rate risk between the interest rate lock commitment and the funding of those loans. Loans sold on a best efforts basis are committed to an investor simultaneous to the interest rate lock commitment with the borrower, and as a result, the Company does not enter into a separate forward TBA contract to offset the fair value risk as the investor accepts such risk. Interest rate lock commitments and commitments to deliver loans to investors are considered derivatives but are not designated as hedging instruments. 
 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet 
 Derivatives are carried at fair value and are classified under other assets and other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Condition. Changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. of the Company's derivatives are designated in a qualifying hedging relationship. 

Mortgage Banking Derivatives: Interest Rate Lock Commitments Forward TBA Contracts Total Derivatives 
 
 Effect of Derivatives on the Income Statement) ) Forward TBA contracts Mortgage banking activities ) ) ) Total ) ) 

NOTE 15 

NOTE 16 
 32 

33 

Available-for-sale debt securities: U.S. treasuries and government agencies State and municipal Mortgage-backed and asset-backed Total available-for-sale debt securities Interest rate swap agreements Total assets Liabilities: Interest rate swap agreements ) ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 (1) The outstanding principal balance for residential loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024 was million. 
 December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs (In thousands) (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total Assets: Residential mortgage loans held for sale (1) 
 Investments available-for-sale: U.S. treasuries and government agencies State and municipal Mortgage-backed and asset-backed Total investments available-for-sale Interest rate swap agreements Total assets Liabilities: Interest rate swap agreements ) ) Total liabilities ) ) 
 (1) The outstanding principal balance for residential loans held for sale as of December 31, 2023 was million. 
 
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 34 

Other real estate owned Total 

December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Total Losses Loans (1) 
 Other real estate owned Total 
 (1) Represent outstanding collateral-dependent non-accrual loans that were written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral. Fair values are determined using actual market prices (Level 2), independent third-party valuations and borrower records, discounted as appropriate (Level 3). 
 
 At September 30, 2024, collateral dependent loans totaling million had an estimated fair value of million as a result of individual credit loss allowances of million based on the most recent value of the collateral. Collateral dependent loans totaling million had an estimated fair value of million at December 31, 2023 as a result of individual credit loss allowances of million. 
 
 Fair value of the collateral dependent loans is measured based on the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral (less estimated selling costs). Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets such as equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable. The value of business equipment, inventory and accounts receivable collateral is based on net book value on the business financial statements and, if necessary, discounted based on management s review and analysis. Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management s historical experience, changes in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. Collateral dependent loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional individual reserve and adjusted accordingly, based on the factors identified above. 
 
 OREO is adjusted to fair value upon acquisition of the real estate collateral. Subsequently, OREO is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value. The estimated fair value for OREO included in Level 3 is determined by independent market based appraisals and other available market information, less costs to sell, that may be reduced further based on market expectations or an executed sales agreement. If the fair value of the collateral deteriorates subsequent to initial recognition, the Company records the OREO as a nonrecurring Level 3 adjustment. Valuation techniques are consistent with those techniques applied in prior periods. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Company discloses fair value information, based on the exit price notion, of financial instruments that are not measured at fair value in the financial statements. Fair value is the amount at which a financial instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation, and is best evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. 
 
 Quoted market prices, where available, are shown as estimates of fair market values. Because no quoted market prices are available for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, the fair value of such instruments has been derived based on the amount and timing of future cash flows and estimated discount rates based on observable inputs Level 2 or unobservable inputs Level 3 ). 
 
 Present value techniques used in estimating the fair value of many of the Company's financial instruments are significantly affected by the assumptions used. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate cash settlement of the instrument. Additionally, the accompanying estimates of fair values are only representative of the fair values of the individual financial assets and liabilities, and should not be considered an indication of the fair value of the Company. Management utilizes internal models used in asset 
 35 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale Available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity debt securities Other investments Loans, net of allowance Interest rate swap agreements Accrued interest receivable Bank owned life insurance Financial liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Securities sold under retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased Advances from FHLB Subordinated debt Interest rate swap agreements Accrued interest payable 
 
 Fair Value Measurements December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In thousands) Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Residential mortgage loans held for sale Investments available-for-sale Held-to-maturity debt securities Other investments Loans, net of allowance Interest rate swap agreements Accrued interest receivable Bank owned life insurance Financial liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Securities sold under retail repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased Advances from FHLB Subordinated debt Interest rate swap agreements Accrued interest payable 
 
 36 

NOTE 17 
 shares of Atlantic Union common stock, with cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares. The board of directors of the combined company will consist of directors, comprised of the current Atlantic Union board members and of Bancorp's board members, including Daniel J. Schrider, Chairman, President and CEO of Bancorp and the Bank. The merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 
 37 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report, as well as other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and written or oral communications made from time to time by or on behalf of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company ), may contain statements relating to future events or future results of the Company that are considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, intend and potential, or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs such as should, could, or may. Forward-looking statements include statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 
 
 Forward-looking statements reflect our expectation or prediction of future conditions, events or results based on information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. These principal risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks identified in Item 1A of the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A of Part II of this report and the following: 
 
 changes in general business and economic conditions nationally or in the markets that we serve; 
 changes in consumer and business confidence, investor sentiment, or consumer spending or savings behavior; 
 changes in the level of inflation; 
 changes in the demand for loans, deposits and other financial services that we provide; 
 the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currently expected; 
 the impact of the interest rate environment on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 the impact of compliance with changes in laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations, including changes in income taxes; 
 changes in credit ratings assigned to us or our subsidiaries; 
 the ability to realize benefits and cost savings from, and limit any unexpected liabilities associated with, any business combinations; 
 competitive pressures among financial services companies; 
 the ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees; 
 our ability to maintain the security of our data processing and information technology systems; 
 the impact of changes in accounting policies, including the introduction of new accounting standards; 
 the impact of judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
 the impact of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government; 
 the impact of health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics; 
 the effects of climate change; 
 the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military conflict, terrorism or other geopolitical events. 
 the possibility that the Company's pending merger with Atlantic Union may be more expensive or take longer to complete than anticipated and that the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger, including anticipated cost savings and strategic gains, may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; 
 the impact of significant transaction and merger-related costs to be incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (the merger agreement entered into by and between the Company and Atlantic Union; 
 the possibility that regulatory approvals for the proposed merger with Atlantic Union may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not currently anticipated, cannot be met, or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the proposed merger; 
 reputational risk and the risk of adverse reaction of our, Atlantic Union s and our respective affiliates customers, vendors, employees or other business partners to the proposed merger; 
 the diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities as a result of matters relating to the proposed merger; 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the merger agreement; 
 risks related to our business to which we will be subject after the closing of the merger, including our commercial real estate loan portfolio; 
 the possibility that the combined company may not effectively manage its expanded operations following the completion of the merger; 
 38 

business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that we and Atlantic Union are subject to while the proposed merger is pending; 
 the prevention or delay of completion of the proposed merger by any shareholder litigation that may be instituted against us or Atlantic Union; and 
 the possibility that important conditions, including approval of the merger agreement by our stockholders and Atlantic Union shareholders and of the issuance of shares of common stock by Atlantic Union shareholders are not satisfied or waived; 
 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. 

The Company 
 Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. is the bank holding company for Sandy Spring Bank. Throughout this report, references to the 
 Company, we, our, us, and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Bancorp refers solely to the parent holding company, and the Bank refers solely to Bancorp s subsidiary bank, Sandy Spring Bank. Bancorp is the bank holding company for the Bank, which is a community banking organization that focuses its lending and other services on businesses and consumers in the local market area. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 14.4 billion in total assets, compared to 14.0 billion at December 31, 2023. Bancorp is registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). 
 
 The Bank is an independent and community-oriented bank that offers a broad range of commercial banking, retail banking, mortgage and trust services throughout central Maryland, Virginia, and the greater Washington, D.C. market. Through its subsidiaries, West Financial Services, Inc. ("West Financial") and SSB Wealth Management, Inc. (d/b/a Rembert Pendleton Jackson, "RPJ ), the Bank also offers wealth management services. 
 
 The Bank is a state-chartered bank subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve and the State of Maryland. Deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC to the maximum amount permitted by law. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System and is an Equal Housing Lender. Bancorp, the Bank, and its other subsidiaries are Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employers. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On October 21, 2024, Bancorp entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Atlantic Union. The merger agreement provides that the Company will merge with and into Atlantic Union, with Atlantic Union continuing as the surviving entity. Immediately following the merger of Bancorp and Atlantic Union, the Bank will merge with and into Atlantic Union's wholly owned bank subsidiary, Atlantic Union Bank, with Atlantic Union Bank continuing as the surviving bank. Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Bancorp common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.900 shares of Atlantic Union common stock, with cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares. The board of directors of the combined company will consist of 17 directors, comprised of the current 14 Atlantic Union board members and three of Bancorp s board members, including Daniel J. Schrider, Chairman, President and CEO of Bancorp and the Bank. The merger is expected to close in the third quarter of 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The Company has incurred and will incur significant expense in connection with the negotiation and completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. These costs include legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employment-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, and other related costs. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our business with the business of Atlantic Union. 

Current Quarter Financial Overview 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we reported net income of 16.2 million 0.36 per diluted common share), compared to net income of 22.8 million 0.51 per diluted common share) for the second quarter of 2024 and 20.7 million 0.46 per diluted common share) for the third quarter of 2023. The current quarter's core earnings were 17.9 million 0.40 per diluted common share), compared to 24.4 million 0.54 per diluted common share) for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 and 27.8 million 0.62 per diluted common share) for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Core earnings exclude the after-tax impact of amortization of intangibles, investment securities gains or losses and other non-recurring or extraordinary items. The current quarter's decline in net income and core earnings as compared to the linked quarter was driven by higher provision for credit losses combined with higher non-interest expense, partially offset by higher net interest income. 
 
 39 

The current quarter reflects the following: 
 
 Total assets at September 30, 2024 increased by 3 to 14.4 billion compared to 14.0 billion at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Total loans remained level at 11.5 billion as of September 30, 2024 compared to June 30, 2024. During the current quarter, we reduced our concentration in the commercial investor real estate segment by 64.9 million, while the AD C and commercial business loans and lines portfolios increased by 71.3 million and 19.4 million, respectively. Total residential mortgage and consumer loan portfolios remained relatively unchanged during this period. 
 
 Deposits increased 397.5 million or 4 to 11.7 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 11.3 billion at June 30, 2024, as interest-bearing deposits increased by 425.8 million, while noninterest-bearing deposits declined 28.3 million. Strong growth in the interest-bearing deposit categories was mainly experienced within money market, time deposits and savings accounts, which grew by 185.2 million, 151.5 million, and 66.1 million, respectively, compared to the linked quarter. The decline in noninterest-bearing deposit categories was driven by lower balances in personal and small business checking accounts. Total deposits, excluding brokered deposits, increased by 351.7 million or 3 quarter-over-quarter and represented 94 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans was 1.09 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.81 at June 30, 2024 and 0.46 at September 30, 2023. The current quarter's increase in non-performing loans was mainly related to a single AD C loan that was placed on non-accrual status during the current period. Net charge-offs for the current quarter totaled 0.7 million. 
 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 grew 1.1 million or 1 compared to the previous quarter and declined 3.7 million or 4 compared to the third quarter of 2023. During the recent quarter, interest income increased by 5.0 million, while interest expense increased by 3.9 million. 
 
 The net interest margin was 2.44 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.46 for the second quarter of 2024 and 2.55 for the third quarter of 2023. During the current quarter, the net interest margin was negatively impacted by a reversal of previously accrued uncollected interest income on a single large AD C loan placed on a non-accrual status. Compared to the linked quarter, the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased seven basis points, while the yield on interest-earning assets increased three basis points. 
 
 Provision for credit losses directly attributable to the funded loan portfolio was 6.3 million for the current quarter compared to 3.0 million in the previous quarter and 3.2 million in the prior year quarter. The current quarter's provision expense is mainly attributable to higher individual reserves on collateral-dependent loans, primarily related to a single AD C loan due to the borrower-specific circumstances, partially offset by lower qualitative adjustments due to the reduction in commercial investor real estate loans. In addition, during the current quarter, the provision for unfunded commitments was insignificant compared to a credit of 1.9 million from the previous quarter. 
 
 Non-interest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased by 1 or 0.1 million compared to the linked quarter and grew by 13 or 2.3 million compared to the prior year quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly driven by higher wealth management income and other income, generated by higher credit-related fees, which was mostly offset by lower BOLI income due to a receipt of one-time mortality proceeds during the prior quarter. 
 
 Non-interest expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 4.8 million or 7 compared to the second quarter of 2024 and 0.5 million or 1 compared to the prior year quarter. The quarterly increase in non-interest expense was primarily due to higher salaries and benefits along with an increase in professional fees and services. 
 
 Return on average assets ROA for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 0.46 and return on average tangible common equity ROTCE was 5.88 compared to 0.66 and 8.27 , respectively, for the second quarter of 2024 and 0.58 and 7.42 , respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. On a non-GAAP basis, the current quarter's core ROA was 0.50 and core ROTCE was 5.88 compared to 0.70 and 8.27 , respectively, for the previous quarter and 0.78 and 9.51 , respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 The GAAP efficiency ratio was 72.12 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 68.19 for the second quarter of 2024 and 70.72 for the third quarter of 2023. The non-GAAP efficiency ratio was 69.06 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 65.31 for the second quarter of 2024 and 60.91 for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in non-GAAP efficiency ratio (reflecting a decrease in efficiency) in the current quarter compared to the previous quarter was the result of higher non-interest expense in the current quarter. 
 40 

Summary of Comparative Third Quarter Results 
 
 Balance Sheet and Credit Quality 
 Total assets were 14.4 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 14.1 billion at September 30, 2023. Total loans increased 191.6 million or 2 to 11.5 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 11.3 billion at September 30, 2023. The overall increase in total commercial loans was driven by the 316.9 million increase in AD C segment and the 166.2 million increase in commercial business loans and lines, partially offset by the 269.2 million decline in the commercial investor real estate loans. Total residential mortgage loans grew 97.7 million, while residential construction loans declined 106.7 million due to the migration of construction loans into the residential mortgage portfolio. 
 
 Total deposits grew 586.7 million or 5 to 11.7 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 11.2 billion at September 30, 2023. During this period, total interest-bearing deposits increased 697.5 million or 9 , while noninterest-bearing deposits declined 110.8 million or 4 . Growth within interest-bearing deposit categories was driven by savings accounts, which increased by 734.8 million, which was partially offset by the 330.0 million decrease in time deposit accounts. We reduced our brokered time deposits by 463.1 million year-over-year. Core deposits, which exclude brokered deposits, increased 994.8 million or 10 year-over-year and represented 94 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024 compared to 90 at September 30, 2023, reflecting the stability and strength of the core deposit base. The deposit growth experienced during the preceding twelve months resulted in the loan to deposit ratio declining to 98 at September 30, 2024 from 101 at September 30, 2023. Total uninsured deposits at September 30, 2024 were approximately 37 of total deposits. The Company offers its customers reciprocal deposit arrangements, which provide FDIC deposit insurance for accounts that would otherwise exceed deposit insurance limits. At September 30, 2024 balances in the Company's reciprocal deposit accounts increased by 57.7 million or 6 during the previous twelve months. 
 
 Total borrowings declined by 395.2 million or 31 at September 30, 2024 as compared to the previous year. During the first quarter of 2024, we fully paid off 300.0 million of outstanding borrowings through the Federal Reserve Bank's Bank Term Funding Program. Additionally, during the previous twelve months, FHLB advances declined by 100.0 million. At September 30, 2024, available unused sources of liquidity, which consists of available FHLB borrowings, fed funds, available funds through the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window, as well as excess cash and unpledged investment securities totaled 6.3 billion or 146 of uninsured deposits. At September 30, 2024, total cash and cash equivalents were 750.3 million, an increase of 32.8 million or 5 compared to September 30, 2023. 
 
 The tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.83 of tangible assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.42 at September 30, 2023. This increase reflected the effect of tangible capital growth of 7 . 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had a total risk-based capital ratio of 15.53 , a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 11.27 , a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 11.27 , and a tier 1 leverage ratio of 9.59 . These risk-based capital ratios compare to a total risk-based capital ratio of 14.85 , a common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 10.83 , a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 10.83 , and a tier 1 leverage ratio of 9.50 at September 30, 2023. The increase across all risk-based capital ratios during the current quarter as compared to the prior year quarter was driven by reduced risk weightings applied on certain consumer loan unfunded commitment categories. 
 
 Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans and accruing loans 90 days or more past due. At September 30, 2024, non-performing loans totaled 125.3 million, compared to 93.0 million at June 30, 2024 and 51.8 million at September 30, 2023. The ratio of non-performing loans to total loans was 1.09 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.81 at June 30, 2024. These levels of non-performing loans compare to 0.46 at September 30, 2023. The current quarter's increase in non-performing loans was mainly related to a single AD C loan with the total outstanding principal balance of 28.0 million, which was placed on a non-accrual status during the current period. Total net charge-offs for the current quarter amounted to 0.7 million compared to 0.2 million for the second quarter of 2024 and 0.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was 131.4 million or 1.14 of outstanding loans and 105 of non-performing loans, compared to 125.9 million or 1.10 of outstanding loans and 135 of non-performing loans at the end of the previous quarter, and 123.4 million or 1.09 of outstanding loans and 238 of non-performing loans at the end of the third quarter of 2023. The increase in the allowance for the current quarter compared to the previous quarter mainly reflects higher individual reserves on collateral-dependent non-accrual loans, primarily driven by the aforementioned AD C lending relationship, partially offset by lower qualitative adjustments as a result of declines in commercial investor real estate loans. 
 
 41 

Quarterly Results of Operations 
 Net income was 16.2 million 0.36 per diluted common share) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 20.7 million 0.46 per diluted common share) for the prior year quarter. The decline in quarterly net income was primarily attributable to the year-over-year increase in provision for credit losses coupled with the decline in net interest income, as a result of the higher interest rate environment and an associated increase in funding costs, partially offset by higher non-interest income. 
 
 Net interest income decreased 3.7 million or 4 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, as the 7.7 million growth in interest income was more than offset by interest expense growth of 11.4 million. The provision for credit losses was 6.3 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. Non-interest income for the current quarter increased by 13 or 2.3 million compared to the prior year quarter. This increase was the cumulative result of the increase in wealth management income, higher BOLI mortality-related income, and higher service charges on deposits. Non-interest expense increased 0.5 million or 1 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to the prior year quarter. The prior year quarter included 8.2 million of pension settlement expense related to the termination of the Company's pension plan. Excluding this item, non-interest expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 8.6 million or 13 compared to the third quarter of 2023, due to higher salaries expense and increase in professional fees. 
 42 

Results of Operations 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

We recorded net income of 59.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income of 96.7 million for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings were 64.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 107.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Core earnings exclude the after-tax impact of amortization of intangibles, investment securities gains or losses and other non-recurring or extraordinary items. Year-to-date net income and core earnings declined as a result of lower net interest income in combination with higher provision for credit losses, which was partially offset by higher non-interest income. Pre-tax, pre-provision net income declined to 89.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 115.5 million for the prior year period as a result of lower net interest income. 

Net Interest Income 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income decreased 31.8 million compared to the prior year period as a result of the 61.1 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by the 29.3 million increase in interest income. Interest expense growth was primarily due to the additional interest expense associated with savings, time deposit and money market accounts. On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 declined to 244.4 million compared to 275.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of the aforementioned increase in interest expense outpacing the growth in interest income. 
 
 Our net interest margin declined to 2.44 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.75 for the prior year period, primarily as a result of higher funding cost due to the higher interest rate environment and market competition for deposits over the period. For the comparative period, the average yield on earning assets improved 29 basis points while the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities rose 73 basis points, resulting in margin compression of 31 basis points. During the comparative period, average interest-bearing liabilities grew by 4 , while average interest-earning assets stayed relatively unchanged. 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, average total loans comprised 85 of average interest-earnings assets, with an average yield of 5.36 and 5.09 , respectively. In addition, the average yield on investment securities increased to 2.44 for the current year compared to 2.22 for the prior year. These portfolio yield movements resulted in the rise in the overall yield on interest-earnings assets to 5.03 at September 30, 2024 from 4.74 at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Average rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities grew by 73 basis points as the average rate increased from 2.91 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.64 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 driven by the 91 basis point increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by the 13 basis point reduction in the average rate paid on borrowings. Average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits increased in all deposit categories. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 9 for the current year compared to the same period for the prior year, driven by a 143 increase in savings accounts. The percentage of average noninterest-bearing deposits to total average deposits decreased to 25 in the current year compared to 29 in the prior year due to declines in commercial and small business checking deposit balances. Reduction in the average rate paid on borrowings during the current year period as compared to the prior year period was driven by lower average rate paid on FHLB advances, which declined from 4.54 to 4.37 . 
 43 

Consolidated Average Balances, Yields and Rates 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands and tax-equivalent) Average Balances Interest (1) 
 Annualized Average Yield/Rate Average Balances 
 
 Interest (1) 
 Annualized Average Yield/Rate Assets: Commercial investor real estate loans 4,964,914 176,504 4.75 5,136,059 177,067 4.61 Commercial owner-occupied real estate loans 1,740,608 63,090 4.84 1,770,812 61,038 4.61 Commercial AD C loans 1,139,517 68,779 8.06 1,044,907 61,005 7.81 Commercial business loans 1,546,498 79,026 6.83 1,442,858 68,258 6.33 Total commercial loans 9,391,537 387,399 5.51 9,394,636 367,368 5.23 Residential mortgage loans 1,512,209 41,968 3.70 1,356,530 35,925 3.53 Residential construction loans 87,177 3,208 4.92 202,856 5,302 3.49 Consumer loans 418,591 25,693 8.20 422,861 24,403 7.72 Total residential and consumer loans 2,017,977 70,869 4.69 1,982,247 65,630 4.42 Total loans (2) 
 11,409,514 458,268 5.36 11,376,883 432,998 5.09 Residential mortgage loans held for sale 14,197 801 7.52 13,192 697 7.04 SBA loans held for sale 22 2 11.28 Taxable securities 1,195,481 21,319 2.38 1,275,407 20,538 2.15 Tax-advantaged securities 339,881 6,785 2.66 360,348 6,727 2.49 Total investment securities (3) 
 1,535,362 28,104 2.44 1,635,755 27,265 2.22 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 434,083 17,401 5.35 368,829 13,979 5.07 Federal funds sold 288 8 3.79 433 13 4.00 Total interest-earning assets 13,393,466 504,584 5.03 13,395,092 474,952 4.74 Less: allowance for credit losses - loans (122,971) (125,558) Cash and due from banks 83,265 94,960 Premises and equipment, net 59,124 70,130 Other assets 638,838 609,301 Total assets 14,051,722 14,043,925 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,467,517 18,858 1.72 1,413,876 10,465 0.99 Regular savings deposits 1,602,997 42,597 3.55 660,211 7,831 1.59 Money market savings deposits 2,847,006 79,190 3.72 3,067,810 68,976 3.01 Time deposits 2,586,639 86,417 4.46 2,658,225 67,943 3.42 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,504,159 227,062 3.57 7,800,122 155,215 2.66 Federal funds purchased and Federal Reserve Bank borrowings 99,303 3,847 5.17 264,580 9,816 4.96 Repurchase agreements 66,134 1,043 2.11 62,126 561 1.21 Advances from FHLB 501,277 16,394 4.37 637,015 21,623 4.54 Subordinated debentures 371,009 11,839 4.25 370,412 11,839 4.26 Total borrowings 1,037,723 33,123 4.26 1,334,133 43,839 4.39 Total interest-bearing liabilities 9,541,882 260,185 3.64 9,134,255 199,054 2.91 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 2,768,331 3,218,226 Other liabilities 150,827 169,291 Stockholders' equity 1,590,682 1,522,153 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 14,051,722 14,043,925 Tax-equivalent net interest income and spread 244,399 1.39 275,898 1.83 Less: tax-equivalent adjustment 3,359 3,044 Net interest income 241,040 272,854 Interest income/earning assets 5.03 4.74 Interest expense/earning assets 2.59 1.99 Net interest margin 2.44 2.75 
 (1) Tax-equivalent income has been adjusted using the combined marginal federal and state rate of 25.48 and 25.37 for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The annualized taxable-equivalent adjustments utilized in the above table to compute yields aggregated to 3.4 million and 3.0 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Non-accrual loans are included in the average balances. 
 (3) Investments available-for-sale are presented at amortized cost. 
 44 

Effect of Volume and Rate Changes on Tax-Equivalent Net Interest Income 
 The following table analyzes the reasons for the changes from year-to-year in the principal elements that comprise tax-equivalent net interest income: 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 2023 vs. 2022 
 Increase Or (Decrease) Due to Change In Average: Increase Or (Decrease) Due to Change In Average: (Dollars in thousands and tax equivalent) Volume Rate Volume Rate Interest income from earning assets: Commercial investor real estate loans (563) (5,927) 5,364 38,822 19,190 19,632 Commercial owner-occupied real estate loans 2,052 (1,031) 3,083 2,912 1,626 1,286 Commercial AD C loans 7,774 5,743 2,031 23,184 (2,159) 25,343 Commercial business loans 10,768 5,128 5,640 18,888 3,810 15,078 Residential mortgage loans 6,043 4,257 1,786 9,293 7,434 1,859 Residential construction loans (2,094) (3,746) 1,652 190 (365) 555 Consumer loans 1,290 (244) 1,534 11,291 (2) 11,293 Residential mortgage loans held for sale 104 55 49 193 (72) 265 SBA loans held for sale 2 2 Taxable securities 781 (1,334) 2,115 6,066 890 5,176 Tax-exempt securities 58 (390) 448 (1,806) (2,146) 340 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 3,422 2,608 814 12,734 1,736 10,998 Federal funds sold (5) (5) 9 (1) 10 Total tax-equivalent interest income 29,632 5,116 24,516 121,776 29,941 91,835 Interest expense on funding of earning assets: Interest-bearing demand deposits 8,393 411 7,982 8,952 (70) 9,022 Regular savings deposits 34,766 18,659 16,107 7,769 9 7,760 Money market savings deposits 10,214 (5,237) 15,451 61,573 (646) 62,219 Time deposits 18,474 (1,865) 20,339 61,343 9,943 51,400 Federal funds purchased and Federal Reserve Bank borrowings (5,969) (6,387) 418 8,688 4,614 4,074 Repurchase agreements 482 38 444 457 (75) 532 Advances from FHLB (5,229) (4,447) (782) 18,557 13,730 4,827 Subordinated debentures 23 (23) 1,709 1,780 (71) Total interest expense 61,131 1,195 59,936 169,048 29,285 139,763 Tax-equivalent net interest income (31,499) 3,921 (35,420) (47,272) 656 (47,928) 
 Variances that are the combined effect of volume and rate, but cannot be separately identified, are allocated to the volume and rate variances based on their respective relative amounts. 

Interest Income 
 The Company s total tax-equivalent interest income increased 6 to 504.6 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 475.0 million for the prior year period as interest income increased in most of the major earning asset categories led by the 20.0 million interest income growth in commercial loans and, to a lesser extent, the 5.2 million growth in interest income earned on residential and consumer loans. The increase in interest income was driven by commercial loans, predominantly from business loans and lines segment and, to a lesser degree, commercial real estate loans. 
 
 Average interest-earning assets were relatively unchanged for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period for 2023 . During the comparative period, total average commercial real estate loans declined 1 , while average commercial business loans and lines rose 7 . Average residential mortgage loans increased 11 during the same time period predominantly due to a migration of residential construction loans into the mortgage portfolio. Compared to the prior year, the yield on average loans increased 27 basis points. The average balance of the investment portfolio decreased 6 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, while interest income increased by 3 due to a 22 basis point increase in the average yield. 
 
 Overall, the average yield on interest-earning assets grew to 5.03 for the first nine month of 2024 compared to 4.74 for the prior year period as average yields on loans and investment securities increased compared to the same period of the prior year, reflecting general market interest rates during the previous twelve months. 
 45 

Interest Expense 
 For the first nine months of 2024, interest expense increased by 61.1 million compared to the first nine months of 2023, driven by the 71.8 million increase in interest-bearing deposits interest expense, partially offset by the 10.7 million reduction in interest expense on borrowings. This increase from period to period was due to the increase in market interest rates on deposit products coupled with the increase in average balances of interest-bearing deposits. The impact of the rise in rates resulted in the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities for the year-to-date rising to 3.64 from 2.91 for the prior year period. During this period, the average balance of saving accounts grew significantly, as our customers moved their funds from noninterest-bearing products to higher yielding deposits accounts to take advantage of competitive deposit rates. Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased to 25 of average deposits in the current period compared to 29 in the prior year s first nine months. 

Non-interest Income 
 Non-interest income amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 
 2024/2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges on deposit accounts 8,765 7,698 1,067 13.9 Mortgage banking activities 4,524 4,744 (220) (4.6) Wealth management income 31,151 27,414 3,737 13.6 Income from bank owned life insurance 4,283 3,003 1,280 42.6 Bank card fees 1,293 1,315 (22) (1.7) Other income 7,653 6,344 1,309 20.6 Total non-interest income 57,669 50,518 7,151 14.2 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, non-interest income increased 14 to 57.7 million compared to 50.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . This increase is mainly the cumulative result of higher wealth management income driven by higher assets under management and overall favorable market performance during the current year, increased other income due to credit-related fees, higher BOLI mortality-related income, due to receipt of death proceeds during the current period, and higher service fees on deposit accounts. 
 
 Further detail of non-interest income activity for the first nine months of 2024 versus 2023 is provided as follows: 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 14 as the growth in service charge income on commercial demand deposit accounts increased 21 along with the 9 increase in returned check charges. 
 Income from mortgage banking activities decreased 5 as a result of lower sales volume, which was partially offset by higher margins generated on loan sales during the current year as compared to the prior year. 
 Wealth management income, comprised of income from trust and estate services and investment management fees earned by the Company s investment management subsidiaries, in creased by 14 due to favorable market performance and an increase in assets under management. Overall, total assets under management increased to 6.6 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 5.5 billion at September 30, 2023. 
 Bank-owned life insurance income increased 43 mainly as a result of receipt of 0.7 million in death proceeds during the current year coupled higher yields and returns on policies. 
 Bank card fee income was level during the current year compared to the prior year. 
 Other income increased by 21 or 1.3 million, as a result of an increase in lending-related fees. 
 
 46 

Non-interest Expense 
 Non-interest expense amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 
 2024/2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 115,549 124,710 (9,161) (7.3) Occupancy expense of premises 14,278 14,220 58 0.4 Equipment expense 11,672 11,688 (16) (0.1) Marketing 3,350 3,861 (511) (13.2) Outside data services 9,414 8,186 1,228 15.0 FDIC insurance 8,635 6,846 1,789 26.1 Amortization of intangible assets 6,527 3,820 2,707 70.9 Professional fees and services 16,403 12,354 4,049 32.8 Other expenses 23,219 22,227 992 4.5 Total non-interest expense 209,047 207,912 1,135 0.5 
 
 Non-interest expense increased to 209.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 207.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The drivers of the increase in non-interest expense were the 4.0 million increase in professional fees, the 2.7 million increase in amortization of intangible assets, the 1.8 million increase in FDIC expense, the 1.2 million increase in outside data services, and the 1.0 million increase in other expenses. These increases were offset by the 9.2 million decrease in salaries and employee benefits and the 0.5 million decrease in marketing expense. 
 
 Further detail by category of non-interest expense activity for the first nine months of 2024 versus 2023 is provided as follows: 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of non-interest expense, decreased 7 or 9.2 million. Prior year expense included pension settlement expense of 8.2 million and severance expense of 1.9 million. Excluding these expenses, salaries and benefits increased by 0.9 million or 1 . 
 Combined occupancy and equipment expenses were level during the current year compared to the prior year . 
 Marketing expense decreased 13 due to the prior period's higher advertising costs, which focused on deposit gathering efforts. 
 Outside data services expense increased 15 due to the increase in volume-based components of contractual-based services. 
 FDIC insurance increased 26 for 2024 as a result of the changes in company specific risk measure values used in the determination of the assessment rate. 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased as a result of additional software licensed intangible assets placed into production during the current year. 
 Professional fees and services grew 33 mainly as a result of an increase in utilization of IT consulting services to assist in the implementation of enhanced data capabilities and various other software platforms. 
 Other non-interest expenses increased 1.0 million due to a variety of general operating costs. 

Income Taxes 
 The Company had income tax expense of 20.6 million in the first nine months of 2024, compared to income tax expense of 32.8 million in the first nine months of 2023, as a result of the decrease in current year-to-date pre-tax earnings compared to the prior year's pre-tax earnings. The effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was 25.7 , compared to a tax rate of 25.3 for the same period in 2023 . The increase in the current year's effective tax rate is the result of pre-tax income containing a lower proportion of income permanently excludable for income tax purposes compared to the prior year period. 
 
 Operating Expense Performance 
 Management views the GAAP efficiency ratio as an important financial measure of expense performance and cost management. The ratio expresses the level of non-interest expense as a percentage of total revenue (net interest income plus total non-interest income). Lower ratios indicate improved productivity. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We also use a traditional efficiency ratio that is a non-GAAP financial measure of operating expense control and efficiency of operations. Management believes that its traditional efficiency ratio better focuses attention on the operating performance over time than does a GAAP efficiency ratio, and that it is highly useful in comparing period-to-period operating performance of our core business operations. It is used by management as part of its assessment of its performance in managing non-interest 
 47 

expense. However, this measure is supplemental, and is not a substitute for an analysis of performance based on GAAP measures. The reader is cautioned that the non-GAAP efficiency ratio used by us may not be comparable to GAAP or non-GAAP efficiency ratios reported by other financial institutions. 
 
 In general, the efficiency ratio is non-interest expense as a percentage of net interest income plus non-interest income. Non-interest expense used in the calculation of the non-GAAP efficiency ratio excludes the amortization of intangibles, and other non-core expenses, such as severance expense, pension settlement expense and contingent payment expense. Income for the non-GAAP efficiency ratio includes the favorable effect of tax-exempt income, and excludes securities gains and losses, which vary widely from period to period without appreciably affecting operating expenses, and other non-recurring gains (if any). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the GAAP efficiency ratio was 69.98 compared to 64.29 for the same period in 2023. The current period's erosion in the GAAP efficiency ratio compared to the prior year period is directly related to the decline in revenues and a slight increase in non-interest expense during the period. The non-GAAP efficiency ratio for the current year was 67.04 compared to 59.42 for the prior year. The current year s non-GAAP efficiency ratio compared to the prior year indicates a decline in efficiency and is the result of the 7 decrease in non-GAAP revenue combined with the 4 growth in non-GAAP non-interest expense. 
 
 In addition, we use pre-tax, pre-provision net income, as a measure of the level of certain recurring income before taxes. Management believes this provides financial statement users with a useful metric of the run-rate of revenues and expenses that is readily comparable to other financial institutions. This measure is calculated by adding/ (subtracting) the provision (credit) for credit losses and the provision for income taxes back to/from net income. This metric declined for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period for 2023, due primarily to the decline in net interest income. 
 
 We have presented core earnings, core earnings per share, core return on average assets ("core ROA") and core return on average tangible common equity ("core ROTCE") in order to present metrics that are more comparable to prior periods to provide an indication of the core performance of the Company year over year. Core earnings reflect net income exclusive of amortization of intangible assets, investment securities gains or losses and other non-recurring or extraordinary items, such as pension settlement expense, severance expense and contingent payment expense, all net of tax. Core earnings were 64.3 million 1.42 per diluted common share) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 107.2 million 2.39 per diluted common share) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Average tangible assets and average tangible common equity represent average assets and average stockholders equity adjusted for average goodwill and average intangible assets. The ROA for the first nine months of 2024 was 0.56 compared to 0.92 for the same period of the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the non-GAAP core ROA was 0.61 compared to 1.02 for the same period in the prior year. ROTCE was 7.17 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 11.67 for the first nine months of 2023. The non-GAAP core ROTCE was 7.17 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 12.56 for the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 48 

GAAP and Non-GAAP Efficiency Ratios and Measures 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Pre-tax pre-provision net income: Net income 59,388 96,744 Plus/ (less) non-GAAP adjustments: Income tax expense 20,550 32,832 Provision/ (credit) for credit losses 9,724 (14,116) Pre-tax pre-provision net income 89,662 115,460 Efficiency ratio (GAAP): Non-interest expense 209,047 207,912 Net interest income plus non-interest income 298,709 323,372 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 69.98 64.29 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP): Non-interest expense 209,047 207,912 Less non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 6,527 3,820 Severance expense 1,939 Pension settlement expense 8,157 Contingent payment expense 36 Non-interest expense - as adjusted 202,520 193,960 Net interest income plus non-interest income 298,709 323,372 Plus non-GAAP adjustment: Tax-equivalent income 3,359 3,044 Less/ (plus) non-GAAP adjustment: Investment securities gains/ (losses) Net interest income plus non-interest income - as adjusted 302,068 326,416 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 67.04 59.42 
 
 49 

GAAP and Non-GAAP Performance Ratios 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Core earnings (non-GAAP): Net income 59,388 96,744 Plus/ (less) non-GAAP adjustments (net of tax): Amortization of intangible assets 4,864 2,851 Severance expense 1,445 Pension settlement expense 6,088 Contingent payment expense 27 Core earnings (non-GAAP) 64,252 107,155 Core earnings per common share (non-GAAP): Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted (GAAP) 45,156,521 44,912,803 Earnings per diluted common share (GAAP) 1.31 2.15 Core earnings per diluted common share (non-GAAP) 1.42 2.39 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP): Average assets (GAAP) 14,051,722 14,043,925 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.56 0.92 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.61 1.02 Return/ Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): Net Income (GAAP) 59,388 96,744 Plus: Amortization of intangible assets (net of tax) 4,864 2,851 Net income before amortization of intangible assets 64,252 99,595 Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): Average assets (GAAP) 14,051,722 14,043,925 Average goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Average other intangible assets, net (29,940) (18,068) Average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 13,658,346 13,662,421 Average total stockholders' equity (GAAP) 1,590,682 1,522,153 Average goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Average other intangible assets, net (29,940) (18,068) Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,197,306 1,140,649 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 7.17 11.67 Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 7.17 12.56 Average tangible common equity to average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 8.77 8.35 
 
 50 

Results of Operations 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Net income was 16.2 million 0.36 per diluted common share) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 20.7 million 0.46 per diluted common share) for the prior year quarter. The current quarter's core earnings were 17.9 million 0.40 per diluted common share) compared to 27.8 million 0.62 per diluted common share) for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The decline in the current quarter's net income and core earnings compared to the prior year quarter was the result of lower net interest income coupled with higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher non-interest income. 

Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 3.7 million or 4 compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by higher interest expense as a result of higher funding costs, which outpaced growth in interest income. During the past twelve months, the rising interest rate environment was primarily responsible for a 7.7 million increase in interest income. This growth in interest income was more than offset by the 11.4 million growth in interest expense as funding costs have also risen in response to the higher rate environment and significant competition for deposits. Interest income growth occurred in most of the categories of commercial and residential mortgage loans and, to a lesser degree, in consumer loans and investment securities. Interest expense grew during the current quarter compared to the prior year quarter primarily due to the growth in and higher rates paid across all interest-bearing deposit categories, partially offset by lower cost of borrowings. 
 
 The net interest margin was 2.44 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.55 for the third quarter of 2023. The contraction of the net interest margin for the current quarter was due to the higher r ate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which outpaced the increase in the yield on interest-earning assets. The overall rate and yield increases were driven by the higher interest rate environment over the preceding twelve months coupled with the competition for deposits in the market, and customers' movement of excess funds out of noninterest-bearing accounts into higher yielding products. As compared to the prior year quarter, the yield on interest-earning assets increased 23 basis points, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities rose 39 basis points resulting in margin compression of 11 basis points. During the comparative period, average interest-earning assets remained relatively unchanged, while average interest-bearing liabilities grew by 3 . 
 
 For the quarter ended September 30, 2024, average total loans comprised 85 of average interest-earning assets compared to 84 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, with average yields of 5.38 and 5.18 , respectively. In addition, the average yield on investment securities increased to 2.52 for the current quarter compared to 2.25 for the prior year quarter. These portfolio yield movements resulted in the rise in the overall average yield on interest-earning assets to 5.06 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 from 4.83 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 T he average rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities grew by 39 basis points as the average rate paid increased from 3.29 for the third quarter of 2023 to 3.68 for the third quarter of 2024, driven by the 51 basis point increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by the 20 basis point decrease in the average rate paid on borrowings. The increase in the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was driven by increases in rates paid in all deposit categories, while the decline in the average rate paid on borrowings reflected the impact of the lower funding cost of advances from the FHLB, as well as the full payoff of outstanding borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank through the Bank Term Funding Program during the first quarter of 2024. Average interest-bearing deposits increased 8 for the current quarter compared to the same period for the prior year, driven by the 99 increase in average savings accounts. T he percentage of average noninterest-bearing deposits to total average deposits decreased to 24 in the current quarter compared to 27 in the third quarter of 2023 due to the decline in commercial checking deposit balances. 
 51 

Consolidated Average Balances, Yields and Rates Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands and tax-equivalent) Average Balances Interest (1) 
 Annualized Average Yield/Rate Average Balances Interest (1) 
 Annualized Average Yield/Rate Assets: Commercial investor real estate loans 4,874,003 58,133 4.74 5,125,459 60,482 4.68 Commercial owner-occupied real estate loans 1,741,663 21,609 4.94 1,769,717 20,865 4.68 Commercial AD C loans 1,253,035 24,553 7.80 995,682 20,503 8.17 Commercial business loans 1,579,001 26,953 6.79 1,442,518 23,343 6.42 Total commercial loans 9,447,702 131,248 5.53 9,333,376 125,193 5.32 Residential mortgage loans 1,526,445 14,223 3.73 1,406,929 12,550 3.57 Residential construction loans 64,684 876 5.39 174,204 1,680 3.83 Consumer loans 421,003 8,653 8.18 421,189 8,491 8.00 Total residential and consumer loans 2,012,132 23,752 4.71 2,002,322 22,721 4.52 Total loans (2) 
 11,459,834 155,000 5.38 11,335,698 147,914 5.18 Residential mortgage loans held for sale 19,889 364 7.32 13,714 238 6.93 SBA loans held for sale 65 2 11.28 Taxable securities 1,197,301 7,440 2.49 1,239,564 6,682 2.16 Tax-advantaged securities 334,077 2,222 2.66 349,778 2,269 2.59 Total investment securities (3) 
 1,531,378 9,662 2.52 1,589,342 8,951 2.25 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 463,531 6,191 5.31 505,017 6,371 5.00 Federal funds sold 346 5 5.38 Total interest-earning assets 13,474,697 171,219 5.06 13,444,117 163,479 4.83 Less: allowance for credit losses - loans (125,962) (122,348) Cash and due from banks 82,172 93,354 Premises and equipment, net 58,035 71,956 Other assets 647,095 599,263 Total assets 14,136,037 14,086,342 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Interest-bearing demand deposits 1,427,739 6,256 1.74 1,419,934 4,229 1.18 Regular savings deposits 1,718,475 15,341 3.55 861,634 5,571 2.57 Money market savings deposits 3,018,799 28,999 3.82 2,866,744 25,122 3.48 Time deposits 2,534,605 28,691 4.50 2,887,311 28,180 3.87 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,699,618 79,287 3.63 8,035,623 63,102 3.12 Federal funds purchased and Federal Reserve Bank borrowings 8,543 118 5.53 300,435 3,726 4.92 Repurchase agreements 63,436 334 2.09 67,298 356 2.10 Advances from FHLB 458,152 5,001 4.34 558,696 6,200 4.40 Subordinated debentures 371,156 3,946 4.25 370,565 3,946 4.26 Total borrowings 901,287 9,399 4.15 1,296,994 14,228 4.35 Total interest-bearing liabilities 9,600,905 88,686 3.68 9,332,617 77,330 3.29 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 2,783,906 3,041,101 Other liabilities 143,849 174,071 Stockholders' equity 1,607,377 1,538,553 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 14,136,037 14,086,342 Tax-equivalent net interest income and spread 82,533 1.38 86,149 1.54 Less: tax-equivalent adjustment 1,121 1,068 Net interest income 81,412 85,081 Interest income/earning assets 5.06 4.83 Interest expense/earning assets 2.62 2.28 Net interest margin 2.44 2.55 
 (1) Tax-equivalent income has been adjusted using the combined marginal federal and state rate of 25.48 and 25.37 for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The annualized taxable-equivalent adjustments utilized in the above table to compute yields aggregated to 1.1 million and 1.1 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Non-accrual loans are included in the average balances. 
 (3) Investments available-for-sale are presented at amortized cost. 
 52 

Interest Income 
 Total tax-equivalent interest income increased 7.7 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year quarter, led by the 6.1 million increase in commercial loans interest income. During the comparative period, average interest-earning assets stayed relatively unchanged as average total loans increased by 1 , while average investment securities declined 4 . 
 
 The average yield on interest-earning assets improved to 5.06 for the current quarter compared to 4.83 for the same period of the prior year. Average yields on loans and investment securities for the current quarter increased by 20 and 27 basis points, respectively, compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting general market interest rates during the previous twelve months. 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 11.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase from period to period was driven by the increase in market interest rates coupled with the increase in average balances in interest-bearing deposits. The impact of the rise in rates resulted in the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities for the current quarter rising to 3.68 from 3.29 for the prior year quarter. During this period, the total average balance of savings accounts grew significantly as a result of the increase in average rate offered on this product from 2.57 in the prior year quarter to 3.55 in the current year quarter. Increases in rates paid on interest-bearing deposits over the preceding twelve months were partially offset by the lower average rate paid on FHLB advances, which declined to 4.34 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 4.40 in the third quarter of 2023, as well as the impact of the full payoff of outstanding borrowings through the Federal Reserve Bank's Bank Term Funding Program during the first quarter of 2024. 

Non-interest Income 
 Non-interest income amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 
 2024/2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Service charges on deposit accounts 3,009 2,704 305 11.3 Mortgage banking activities 1,529 1,682 (153) (9.1) Wealth management income 10,738 9,391 1,347 14.3 Income from bank owned life insurance 1,307 845 462 54.7 Bank card fees 435 450 (15) (3.3) Other income 2,697 2,319 378 16.3 Total non-interest income 19,715 17,391 2,324 13.4 
 
 Total non-interest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased by 13 or 2.3 million compared to the prior year quarter. The current quarter's increase in non-interest income as compared to the prior year quarter was mainly driven by higher wealth management income, BOLI mortality-related income, and other income. 
 
 Further detail by category of non-interest income activity for the third quarter of 2024 versus the third quarter of 2023 is provided as follows: 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 0.3 million or 11 as commercial checking accounts service charges and return check charges increased 19 and 4 , respectively. 
 Income from mortgage banking activities decreased by 0.2 million or 9 reflecting lower margins realized on mortgage loans sold during the current quarter as compared to the prior year quarter. 
 Wealth management income increased 1.3 million or 14 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 as a result of favorable market performance and growth of assets under management, which increased to 6.6 billion at September 30, 2024 from 5.5 billion at September 30, 2023. 
 Income from bank owned life insurance grew 0.5 million or 55 as a result of increased yields and higher returns on policies. 
 Other income increased 0.4 million or 16 due to higher lending-related fees. 

53 

Non-interest Expense 
 Non-interest expense amounts and trends are presented in the following table for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024/2023 
 2024/2023 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 41,030 44,853 (3,823) (8.5) Occupancy expense of premises 4,657 4,609 48 1.0 Equipment expense 3,841 3,811 30 0.8 Marketing 1,320 729 591 81.1 Outside data services 3,025 2,819 206 7.3 FDIC insurance 2,773 2,333 440 18.9 Amortization of intangible assets 2,323 1,245 1,078 86.6 Professional fees and services 6,577 4,509 2,068 45.9 Other expenses 7,391 7,563 (172) (2.3) Total non-interest expense 72,937 72,471 466 0.6 
 
 Total non-interest expense for the third quarter of 2024 in creased by 0.5 million or 1 compared to the third quarter of 2023 . The prior year quarter included 8.2 million of pension settlement expense related to the termination of the Company's pension plan. Excluding this expense from the prior year quarter, total non-interest expense increased by 8.6 million or 13 , due to increase in salaries and benefits, higher professional fees, and an increase in amortization of intangible assets. 
 
 Further detail by category of non-expense income activity for the third quarter of 2024 versus the third quarter of 2023 is provided as follows: 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of non-interest expenses, decreased 3.8 million or 9 . Prior year quarter expense included pension settlement expense of 8.2 million. Excluding this expense from the prior year quarter, total salaries and benefits expense increased 4.3 million or 12 , due to increase in salaries and incentive based compensation. 
 Occupancy and equipment expenses for the quarter were relatively unchanged compared to the prior year quarter. 
 Marketing expense increased 0.6 million due to higher spending on various advertising campaigns. 
 FDIC insurance expense increased 0.4 million as a result of company specific risk measure values used in the determination of the assessment rate. 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased by 1.1 million primarily as a result of an increase in software licensed intangible assets placed into production during the current period. 
 Professional fees and services increased 46 primarily due to the increase in utilization of IT consulting services. 
 Other non-interest expense decreased 2 due to a decline in a variety of general operating expenses. 

Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was 5.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to income tax expense of 6.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The resulting effective tax rate was 25.9 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to an effective tax rate of 24.9 for the third quarter of 2023. The increase in the current year's effective tax rate is the result of pre-tax income c ontaining a lower proportion of income permanently excludable for income tax purposes compared to the prior year quarter . 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The GAAP efficiency ratio in the third quarter of 2024 was 72.12 compared to 70.72 for the third quarter of 2023. The non-GAAP efficiency ratio was 69.06 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 60.91 in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in both the GAAP and non-GAAP efficiency ratios (reflecting a decrease in efficiency) in the current quarter compared to the third q uarter of the prior year were the result of declines in net revenue combined with increases in non-interest expense. Pre-tax pre-provision net income decreased 6 for the current quarter compared to the prior year quarter due to the decline in net interest income. 
 
 Current quarter's core earnings were 17.9 million 0.40 per diluted common share), compared to 27.8 million 0.62 per diluted common share) for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Return on average assets for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 0.46 and return on average tangible common equity was 5.88 compared to 0.58 and 7.42 , respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. On a non-GAAP basis, the current quarter's core ROA was 0.50 and core ROTCE was 5.88 compared to core ROA of 0.78 and core ROTCE of 9.51 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 54 

GAAP and Non-GAAP Efficiency Ratios and Measures 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Pre-tax pre-provision net income: Net income 16,209 20,746 Plus/ (less) non-GAAP adjustments: Income tax expense 5,665 6,890 Provision for credit losses 6,316 2,365 Pre-tax pre-provision net income 28,190 30,001 Efficiency ratio (GAAP): Non-interest expense 72,937 72,471 Net interest income plus non-interest income 101,127 102,472 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 72.12 70.72 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP): Non-interest expense 72,937 72,471 Less/ (plus) non-GAAP adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 2,323 1,245 Pension settlement expense 8,157 Non-interest expense - as adjusted 70,614 63,069 Net interest income plus non-interest income 101,127 102,472 Plus non-GAAP adjustment: Tax-equivalent income 1,121 1,068 Less/ (plus) non-GAAP adjustment: Investment securities gains/ (losses) Net interest income plus non-interest income - as adjusted 102,248 103,540 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 69.06 60.91 

55 

GAAP and Non-GAAP Performance Ratios 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Core earnings (non-GAAP): Net income (GAAP) 16,209 20,746 Plus/ (less) non-GAAP adjustments (net of tax): Amortization of intangible assets 1,727 932 Pension settlement expense 6,088 Core earnings (non-GAAP) 17,936 27,766 Core earnings per common share (non-GAAP): Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted (GAAP) 45,242,920 44,960,455 Earnings per diluted common share (GAAP) 0.36 0.46 Core earnings per diluted common share (non-GAAP) 0.40 0.62 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP): Average assets (GAAP) 14,136,037 14,086,342 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.46 0.58 Core return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.50 0.78 Return/ Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): Net Income (GAAP) 16,209 20,746 Plus: Amortization of intangible assets (net of tax) 1,727 932 Net income before amortization of intangible assets 17,936 21,678 Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): Average assets (GAAP) 14,136,037 14,086,342 Average goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Average other intangible assets, net (30,679) (16,777) Average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 13,741,922 13,706,129 Average total stockholders' equity (GAAP) 1,607,377 1,538,553 Average goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Average other intangible assets, net (30,679) (16,777) Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 1,213,262 1,158,340 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 5.88 7.42 Core return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 5.88 9.51 Average tangible common equity to average tangible assets (non-GAAP) 8.83 8.45 
 56 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Total assets at September 30, 2024 increased 354.9 million or 3 to 14.4 billion compared to December 31, 2023. Total loan balances increased 124.9 million or 1 compared to December 31, 2023. C ommercial investor real estate loans decreased 236.0 million or 5 , while AD C and commercial business loans and lines grew 266.6 million or 27 and 116.0 million or 8 , respectively, during this period. Total residential mortgage loans increased by 4 , primarily as a result of migration of mortgage construction loans into the mortgage permanent portfolio during the current year. Deposit balances in creased to 11.7 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 11.0 billion at December 31, 2023, driven by the 9 increase in interest-bearing deposits, as a result of offering competitive high yields in savings products along with the growth in money market accounts. The increase in deposits along with the stability of loan balances resulted in the loan-to-deposit ratio declining to 98 at September 30, 2024 from 103 at December 31, 2023. 

Analysis of Loans 
 A comparison of the loan portfolio at the dates indicated is presented in the following table: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Period-to-Period Change (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Commercial real estate: Commercial investor real estate 4,868,467 42.4 5,104,425 44.9 (235,958) (4.6) Commercial owner-occupied real estate 1,737,327 15.1 1,755,235 15.4 (17,908) (1.0) Commercial AD C 1,255,609 10.9 988,967 8.7 266,642 27.0 Commercial business 1,620,926 14.1 1,504,880 13.3 116,046 7.7 Total commercial loans 9,482,329 82.5 9,353,507 82.3 128,822 1.4 Residential real estate: Residential mortgage 1,529,786 13.3 1,474,521 13.0 55,265 3.7 Residential construction 53,639 0.5 121,419 1.1 (67,780) (55.8) Consumer 426,167 3.7 417,542 3.6 8,625 2.1 Total residential and consumer loans 2,009,592 17.5 2,013,482 17.7 (3,890) (0.2) Total loans 11,491,921 100.0 11,366,989 100.0 124,932 1.1 
 
 Total loans increased 124.9 million or 1 to 11.5 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 11.4 billion at December 31, 2023. Portfolio mix during the first nine months of 2024 remained relativel y unchanged compared to the prior year-end. During the current year, the commercial AD C portfolio increased by 27 mainly due to draws on existing loans, while commercial business loans and lines increased by 8 . Commercial investor real esta te loans declined by 5 during the current year, as we reduced concentrations in specific industries within this segment. Residential mortgage loans increased by 4 mainly due to migration of residential construction loans into the residential permanent portfolio, as a number of construction projects were completed. 
 57 

Analysis of Investment Securities 
 The composition of investment securities at the periods indicated is presented in the following table: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Period-to-Period Change (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value: U.S. treasuries and government agencies 84,807 5.9 96,927 6.9 (12,120) (12.5) State and municipal 265,189 18.4 268,214 19.0 (3,025) (1.1) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed 799,060 55.5 737,540 52.1 61,520 8.3 Total available-for-sale debt securities 1,149,056 79.8 1,102,681 78.0 46,375 4.2 Held-to-maturity debt securities, at amortized cost: Mortgage-backed and asset-backed 220,296 15.3 236,165 16.7 (15,869) (6.7) Total held-to-maturity debt securities 220,296 15.3 236,165 16.7 (15,869) (6.7) Other investments, at cost: Federal Reserve Bank stock 39,268 2.7 39,125 2.8 143 0.4 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta stock 31,191 2.2 35,805 2.5 (4,614) (12.9) Other 677 677 Total other investments 71,136 4.9 75,607 5.3 (4,471) (5.9) Total securities 1,440,488 100.0 1,414,453 100.0 26,035 1.8 
 
 The investment portfolio consists primarily of U.S. Treasuries, U.S. Agency securities, U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Agency collateralized mortgage obligations, asset-backed securities and state and municipal securities. Total investment securities, which are a source of liquidity for the Company and a contributor to interest income, increased 2 from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Total unrealized losses on investments available-for-sale declined 27.4 million, from 118.1 million at December 31, 2023 to 90.7 million at September 30, 2024, due to a decline in market interest rates during the period. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities at September 30, 2024 are due to changes in interest rates and not credit-related events. As such, no allowance for credit losses is required at September 30, 2024. These unrealized losses are expected to recover over time as available-for-sale securities approach maturity. We do not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell, these securities, and we have sufficient liquidity to hold these securities for an adequate period of time, which may be maturity, to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, 98 of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities were invested in Aaa/AAA or Aa/AA-rated securities. The average duration of the portfolio was 4.1 years at September 30, 2024 as compared to 4.6 years at December 31, 2023. Weighted average tax equivalent yield of the total debt securities portfolio was 2.44 at September 30, 2024. The composition and duration of the investment portfolio has resulted in a portfolio with low credit risk that is expected to provide the liquidity needed to meet lending and other funding demands. The portfolio is monitored on a continual basis with consideration given to interest rate trends and the structure of the yield curve and with constant assessment of economic projections and analysis. 

Other Earning Assets 
 Resi dential mortgage loans held for sale increased to 21.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 10.8 million at December 31, 2023, as a result of the associated timing of origination and sale volumes that has occurred during the period. We continue to sell a portion of our residential mortgage loan production in the secondary market. The aggregate of interest-bearing deposits with banks and federal funds sold increased by 177.1 million to 640.8 million at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, as a result of deposit growth during the current year partially offset by a full payoff of 300.0 million in outstanding borrowings through the Federal Reserve Bank's Bank Term Funding Program . 
 
 58 

Deposits 
 The composition of deposits for the periods indicated is presented in the following table: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Period-to-Period Change (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Amount Noninterest-bearing deposits 2,903,063 24.7 2,914,161 26.5 (11,098) (0.4) Interest-bearing deposits: Demand 1,456,606 12.4 1,463,679 13.3 (7,073) (0.5) Money market savings 3,033,302 25.8 2,628,918 23.9 404,384 15.4 Regular savings 1,744,214 14.9 1,275,225 11.6 468,989 36.8 Time deposits of less than 250,000 1,873,594 16.0 2,068,259 18.8 (194,665) (9.4) Time deposits of 250,000 or more 726,915 6.2 646,296 5.9 80,619 12.5 Total interest-bearing deposits 8,834,631 75.3 8,082,377 73.5 752,254 9.3 Total deposits 11,737,694 100.0 10,996,538 100.0 741,156 6.7 
 
 Deposits and Borrowings 
 Total deposits increased 741.2 million or 7 to 11.7 billion at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023, as interest-bearing deposits grew 752.3 million or 9 , while noninterest-bearing deposits remained level . The growth in interest-bearing deposits during the current year was mainly attributable to savings and money market accounts, which increased 469.0 million and 404.4 million, respectively. Time deposits declined by 114.0 million, driven by the 210.0 million reduction in brokered time deposits partially offset by the 95.9 million growth in core time deposits. Total c ore deposits, which exclude brokered relationships, increased by 909.4 million or 9 during the current year and represented 94 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 as compared to 92 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The total amount of deposits not covered by FDIC deposit insurance was approximately 4.3 billion or 37 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 . This estimate is based on the determination of known deposit account relationships of each depositor and the insurance guidelines provided by the FDIC. Commercial accounts represented 79 of uninsured deposits, while retail accounts accounted for 21 of the uninsured deposit total. Management mitigates outflows of uninsured deposits by providing reciprocal de posit arrangements, which provide FDIC deposit insurance for accounts that would otherwise exceed deposit insurance limits. These deposits increased 47.2 million or 5 during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Total borrowings during the first nine months of 2024 de creased by 403.8 million compared to amounts at December 31, 2023, driven by a full payoff of 300.0 million in outstanding borrowings through the Federal Reserve Bank's Bank Term Funding Program facility. In addition, FHLB advances were reduced by 100.0 million during the current year. The Company currently car ries 371.3 million in subordinated debt, which is accounted for as Tier 2 capital in accordance with regulatory guidelines. At September 30, 2024, available unused sources of liquidity, which consists of available FHLB borrowings, fed funds, funds through the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window, as well as excess cash and unpledged investment securities, totaled 6.3 billion or 146 of uninsured deposits. 

Capital Management 
 Management monitors historical and projected earnings, dividends, and asset growth, as well as risks associated with the various types of on and off-balance sheet assets and liabilities, in order to determine appropriate capital levels. Total stockholders' equity totaled 1.6 billion at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The ratio of average equity to average assets was 11.37 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 10.97 for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 59 

Risk-Based Capital Ratios 
 Bank holding companies and banks are required to maintain capital ratios in accordance with guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulators. These guidelines are commonly known as risk-based capital guidelines. The actual regulatory ratios and required ratios for capital adequacy are summarized for the Company in the following table. 
 Ratios at Minimum Value (1) 
 Well-Capitalized (2) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tier 1 leverage 9.59 9.51 4.00 5.00 Common equity Tier 1 11.27 10.90 4.50 6.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 11.27 10.90 6.00 8.00 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 15.53 14.92 8.00 10.00 
 (1) Minimum requirements to remain adequately capitalized. 
 (2) Well-capitalized under prompt corrective action regulations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the most recent notification from our primary regulator categorized the Bank as a "well-capitalized" institution under the prompt corrective action rules of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Designation as a well-capitalized institution under these regulations is not a recommendation or endorsement of the Company or the Bank by federal bank regulators. 
 
 The minimum capital level requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank are: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6 ; (3) a total capital ratio of 8 ; and (4) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The rules also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital. An institution would be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses to executive officers if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions. 
 
 The increases across all risk-based capital ratios at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 were mainly driven by a reduction in risk weightings applied on certain consumer loan unfunded commitment categories that met the regulatory capital requirements coupled with the growth in Tier 1 and total capital during the current year. 

Tangible Common Equity 
 Tangible common equity, tangible assets, and tangible book value per share are non-GAAP financial measures calculated using GAAP amounts. Tangible common equity and tangible assets exclude the balances of goodwill and other intangible assets from total stockholders' equity and total assets. Management believes that this non-GAAP financial measure provides information to investors that may be useful in understanding our financial condition. Because not all companies use the same calculation of tangible common equity and tangible assets, this presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures calculated by other companies. 
 
 Tangible common equity increased to 8.83 of tangible assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.77 at December 31, 2023. This increase during the current year mainly reflected the impact of the 38.5 million increase in tangible common equity, while tangible assets grew 352.7 million. 
 
 A reconciliation of total stockholders equity to tangible common equity and total assets to tangible assets along with tangible book value per share, book value per share and related non-GAAP tangible common equity ratio are provided in the following table: 
 
 60 

Tangible Common Equity Ratio Non-GAAP 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible common equity ratio: Total stockholders' equity 1,628,837 1,588,142 Goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Other intangible assets, net (30,514) (28,301) Tangible common equity 1,234,887 1,196,405 Total assets 14,383,073 14,028,172 Goodwill (363,436) (363,436) Other intangible assets, net (30,514) (28,301) Tangible assets 13,989,123 13,636,435 Outstanding common shares 45,125,078 44,913,561 Tangible common equity ratio 8.83 8.77 Book value per common share 36.10 35.36 Tangible book value per common share 27.37 26.64 

Credit Risk 
 Our fundamental lending business is based on understanding, measuring and controlling the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. Accordingly, our loan portfolio is subject to varying degrees of credit risk. Credit risk entails both general risks, which are inherent in the process of lending, and risk specific to individual borrowers. Our credit risk is mitigated through portfolio diversification, which limits exposure to any single customer, industry or collateral type. Typically, each consumer and residential lending product has a generally predictable level of credit losses based on historical loss experience. Residential mortgage and home equity loans and lines generally have the lowest credit loss experience. Loans secured by personal property, such as auto loans, generally experience medium credit losses. Unsecured loan products, such as personal revolving credit, have the highest credit loss experience and, for that reason, we have chosen not to engage in a significant amount of this type of lending. Credit risk in commercial lending can vary significantly, as losses as a percentage of outstanding loans can shift widely during economic cycles and are particularly sensitive to changing economic conditions. Generally, improving economic conditions result in improved operating results on the part of commercial customers, enhancing their ability to meet their particular debt service requirements. Improvements, if any, in operating cash flows can be offset by the impact of rising interest rates that may occur during improved economic times. Inconsistent economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the operating results of commercial customers, reducing their ability to meet debt service obligations. 
 
 To control and manage credit risk, management has a credit process in place to reasonably ensure that credit standards are maintained along with an in-house loan administration, accompanied by various oversight and review procedures. The primary purpose of loan underwriting is the evaluation of specific lending risks and involves the analysis of the borrower s ability to service the debt as well as the assessment of the value of the underlying collateral. Oversight and review procedures include monitoring the credit quality of the portfolio, providing early identification of potential problem credits and proactive management of problem credits. 
 
 We recognize a lending relationship as non-performing when either the loan becomes 90 days delinquent or as a result of factors, such as bankruptcy, interruption of cash flows, etc., considered at a monthly credit committee meeting. Classification as a non-accrual loan is based on a determination that we may not collect all principal and/or interest payments according to contractual terms. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed from interest income. Payments received on non-accrual loans are first applied to the remaining principal balance of the loans. Additional recoveries are credited to the allowance up to the amount of all previous charge-offs. 
 
 The level of non-performing loans to total loans increased to 1.09 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.81 at December 31, 2023. Non-performing loans were 125.3 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 91.8 million at December 31, 2023. An increase in non-performing loans during the current year was mainly related to a single AD C loan with the total outstanding principal balance of 28.0 million, which was placed on a non-accrual status. Loans greater than 90 days or more were 0.4 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 61 

While the diversification of the lending portfolio among different commercial, residential and consumer product lines along with different market conditions of the D.C. suburbs, Northern Virginia and Baltimore metropolitan area has mitigated some of the risks in the portfolio, local economic conditions and levels of non-performing loans may continue to be influenced by the conditions being experienced in various business sectors of the economy on both a regional and national level. 
 
 Our methodology for evaluating whether a loan shall be placed on non-accrual status begins with risk-rating credits on an individual basis and includes consideration of the borrower s overall financial condition, payment record and available cash resources that may include the sufficiency of collateral value and, in a select few cases, verifiable support from financial guarantors. In measuring an allowance on an individual basis, we evaluate primarily the value of the collateral (adjusted for estimated costs to sell) or projected cash flows generated by the operation of the collateral as the primary sources of repayment of the loan. Consideration is given to the existence of guarantees and the financial strength and wherewithal of the guarantors involved in any loan relationship. Guarantees may be considered as a source of repayment based on the guarantor s financial condition and payment capacity. Accordingly, absent a verifiable payment capacity, a guarantee alone would not be sufficient to avoid classifying the loan as non-accrual. 
 
 Management has established a credit process that dictates that structured procedures be performed to monitor these loans between the receipt of an original appraisal and the updated appraisal. These procedures include the following: 
 An internal evaluation is updated periodically to include borrower financial statements and/or cash flow projections. 
 The borrower may be contacted for a meeting to discuss an updated or revised action plan which may include a request for additional collateral. 
 Re-verification of the documentation supporting our position with respect to the collateral securing the loan. 
 At a monthly credit committee meeting, the loan may be downgraded and a specific allowance may be decided upon in advance of the receipt of the appraisal. 
 Upon receipt of the updated appraisal (or based on an updated internal financial evaluation) the loan balance is compared to the appraisal and a specific allowance is decided upon for the particular loan, typically for the amount of the difference between the appraised value (adjusted for estimated costs to sell) and the loan balance. 
 Evaluation of whether adverse changes in the value of the collateral are expected over the remainder of the loan s expected life. 
 We individually assess the allowance for credit losses based on the fair value of the collateral for any collateral dependent loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty or when we determine that the foreclosure is probable. We will charge-off the excess of the loan amount over the fair value of the collateral adjusted for the estimated selling costs. 
 
 We may extend the maturity of a performing or current loan that may have some inherent weakness associated with the loan. However, we generally follow a policy of not extending maturities on non-performing loans under existing terms. Maturity date extensions only occur under revised terms that clearly place us in a position to increase the likelihood of or assure full collection of the loan under the contractual terms and/or terms at the time of the extension that may eliminate or mitigate the inherent weakness in the loan. These terms may incorporate, but are not limited to additional assignment of collateral, significant balance curtailments/liquidations and assignments of additional project cash flows. Guarantees may be a consideration in the extension of loan maturities. As a general matter, we do not view the extension of a loan to be a satisfactory approach to resolving non-performing credits. On an exception basis, certain performing loans that have displayed some inherent weakness in the underlying collateral values, an inability to comply with certain loan covenants which are not affecting the performance of the credit or other identified weakness may be extended. 
 
 We sell a portion of our fixed-rate residential mortgage originations in the secondary mortgage market. Concurrent with such sales, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchasers about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The related sale agreements grant the purchasers recourse back to us, which could require us to repurchase loans or to share in any losses incurred by the purchasers. This recourse exposure typically extends for a period of six to twelve months after the sale of the loan although the time frame for repurchase requests can extend for an indefinite period. Such transactions could be due to a number of causes including borrower fraud or early payment default. We have received a very limited number of repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers for such events and routinely monitor our exposure. We maintain a liability o f 0.5 million for probable losses due to repurchases. 
 
 Mortgage loan servicing rights are accounted for at amortized cost and are monitored for impairment on an ongoing basis. The amortized cost of our mortgage loan servicing rights was 0.3 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 62 

Analysis of Credit Risk 
 The following table presents information with respect to non-performing assets and 90-day delinquencies as of the periods indicated: 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Non-accrual loans: Commercial real estate: Commercial investor real estate 57,578 58,658 Commercial owner-occupied real estate 9,639 4,640 Commercial AD C 31,816 1,259 Commercial business 9,044 10,051 Residential real estate: Residential mortgage 11,996 12,332 Residential construction 539 443 Consumer 4,258 4,102 Total non-accrual loans 124,870 91,485 Loans 90 days past due: Commercial real estate: Commercial investor real estate Commercial owner-occupied real estate Commercial AD C Commercial business 20 Residential real estate: Residential mortgage 399 342 Residential construction Consumer Total 90 days past due loans 399 362 Total non-performing loans 125,269 91,847 Other real estate owned, net 3,265 Total non-performing assets 128,534 91,847 Non-accrual loans to total loans 1.09 0.80 Non-performing loans to total loans 1.09 0.81 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.89 0.65 Allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans 105.25 132.11 Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans 104.92 131.59 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 The allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of the portion of our loans amortized cost basis not expected to be collected over the loans contractual life. As a part of the credit oversight and review process, we maintain an allowance for credit l osses (the allowance ). The following allowance section should be read in conjunction with Allowance for Credit Losses section in Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We exclude accrued interest from the measurement of the allowance as the Company has a non-accrual policy to reverse any accrued, uncollected interest income when loans are placed on non-accrual status. 
 
 The appropriateness of the allowance is determined through ongoing evaluation of the credit portfolio, and involves consideration of a number of factors. Determination of the allowance is inherently subjective and requires significant estimates, including consideration of current conditions and future economic forecasts, which may be susceptible to significant volatility. The forecasted economic metrics with the greatest impact are the expected future unemployment rate, the expected level of business bankruptcies, gross domestic product, and, to a lesser degree, the commercial real estate price index and residential real estate house price index. In addition to these metrics, management has included the potential impact of the recession among the qualitative factors applied in the determination of the allowance. Expected losses can vary significantly from the amounts actually observed. Loans deemed uncollectible are charged off against the allowance, while recoveries are credited to 
 63 

the allowance when received. Management adjusts the level of the allowance through the provision for credit losses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, provision for credit losses was 9.7 million as compared to a credit of 14.1 million for the same period in 2023. The current year's provision was primarily due to an increase in individual reserves on collateral-dependent non-accrual loans, as well as adjustments applied to specific industries within the commercial real estate segment during the first quarter of 2024. The prior year's credit to provision was mainly attributable to the improving regional forecasted unemployment rate observed during the first half of 2023, and the declining probability of economic recession. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was 131.4 million as compared to 120.9 million at December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses as a percent of total loans was 1.14 and 1.06 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The allowance f or credit losses represented 105 of non-performing loans at September 30, 2024 as compared to 132 at December 31, 2023. The allowance attributable to the commercial portfolio represented 1.26 of total commercial loans while the portion attributable to total combined consumer and mortgage loans was 0.61 . With respect to the total commercial portion of the allowance, 26 of this portion is allocated to the commercial business loan portfolio, resulting in the ratio of the allowance for commercial business loans to total commercial business loans of 1.91 . The allowance coverage ratio for the investor real estate portfolio decreased to 1.12 at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.20 at December 31, 2023 due to the reduction in loan balances and the related specific industry concentrations with the commercial investor real estate segment. The ratio of the allowance attributable to AD C loans was 2.19 at the end of the current quarter, compared to 0.84 at December 31, 2023. This increase in the AD C allowance ratio was predominantly the result of higher individual reserves on collateral-dependent non-accrual loans, primarily related to a single large lending relationship. 
 
 The current methodology for assessing the appropriate allowance includes: (1) a collective quantified reserve that reflects our historical default and loss experience adjusted for expected economic conditions over a reasonable and supportable forecast period and our prepayment and curtailment rates, (2) collective qualitative factors that consider concentrations of the loan portfolio, expected changes to the economic forecasts, large lending relationships, early delinquencies, and factors related to credit administration, including, among others, loan-to-value ratios, borrowers risk rating and credit score migrations, and (3) individual allowances on collateral-depend ent loans where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty or where we determined that foreclosure is probable. Under the current methodology, 67 of the total allowance is attributable to the historical default and loss experience coupled with individual reserves, while 33 of the allowance is attributable to the collective qualitative factors applied to determine the allowance. 
 
 The quantified collective portion of the allowance is determined by pooling loans into segments based on the similar risk characteristics of the underlying borrowers, in addition to consideration of collateral type, industry and business purpose of the loans. We selected two collective methodologies, the expected loss and weighted average remaining life methodologies. Collective calculation methodologies use our historical default and loss experience adjusted for future economic forecasts. The reasonable and supportable forecast period represents a two-year economic outlook for the applicable economic variables. Following the end of the reasonable and supportable forecast period expected losses revert back to the historical mean over the next two years on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Economic variables which have the most significant impact on the allowance include: 
 unemployment rate; 
 gross domestic product; 
 number of business bankruptcies; and 
 commercial real estate price index and residential real estate house price index. 
 
 The collective quantified component of the allowance is supplemented by a qualitative component to address various risk characteristics of our loan portfolio including: 
 trends in early delinquencies; 
 changes in the risk profile related to large loans in the portfolio; 
 concentrations of loans to specific industry segments; 
 expected changes in economic conditions; 
 changes in our credit administration and loan portfolio management processes; and 
 probability of the near-term recession and its impact on estimated losses. 
 
 The individual reserve assessment is applied to collateral dependent loans where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty or when we determined that foreclosure is probable. The determination of the fair value of the collateral depends on whether a repayment of the loan is expected to be from the sale or the operation of the collateral. When repayment is expected from the operation of the collateral, we use the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral as the fair value. 
 64 

When repayment of the loan is expected from the sale of the collateral the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable market price or the appraised value less estimated cost to sell. The balance of collateral-dependent loans individually assessed for the allowance was 121.2 million, with individual allowances of 37.3 million against those loans at September 30, 2024. 
 
 If an updated appraisal is received subsequent to the preliminary determination of an individual allowance or partial charge-off, and it is less than the initial appraisal used in the initial assessment, an additional individual allowance or charge-off is taken on the related credit. Partially charged-off loans are not written back up based on updated appraisals and always remain on non-accrual with any and all subsequent payments first applied to the remaining balance of the loan as principal reductions. No interest income is recognized on loans that have been partially charged-off. 
 
 A current appraisal on large loans is usually obtained if the appraisal on file is more than 12 months old and there has been a material change in market conditions, zoning, physical use or the adequacy of the collateral based on an internal evaluation. Our policy is to strictly adhere to regulatory appraisal standards. If an appraisal is ordered, no more than a 30-day turnaround is requested from the appraiser, who is selected by Credit Administration from an approved appraiser list. After receipt of the updated appraisal and completion of the internal review, the assigned credit officer will recommend to the Chief Credit Officer whether an individual allowance or a charge-off should be taken. The Chief Credit Officer has the authority to approve an individual allowance or charge-off between monthly credit committee meetings to ensure that there are no significant time lapses during this process. The Company's borrowers are concentrated in nine counties in Maryland, three counties in Virginia and in Washington D.C. Certain loan terms may create concentrations of credit risk and increase our exposure to loss. These include terms that permit the deferral of principal pay ments or payments that are smaller than normal interest accruals (negative amortization); loans with high loan-to-value ratios; loans, such as option adjustable-rate mortgages, that may expose the borrower to future increases in repayments that are in excess of increases that would result solely from increases in market interest rates; and interest-only loans. We do not make loans that provide for negative amortization or option adjustable-rate mortgages. 
 
 The following table presents an allocation of the allowance for credit losses by portfolio as of each period end. The allowance is allocated in the following table to various loan categories based on the methodology used to estimate credit losses; however, the allocation does not restrict the usage of the allowance for any specific loan category. 
 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate: Amount of loans to total loans Amount of loans to total loans Commercial investor real estate 54,431 42.4 61,439 44.9 Commercial owner-occupied real estate 6,321 15.1 7,536 15.4 Commercial AD C 27,490 10.9 8,287 8.7 Commercial business 30,965 14.1 31,932 13.3 Total commercial 119,207 82.5 109,194 82.3 Residential real estate: Residential mortgage 9,247 13.3 8,890 13.0 Residential construction 309 0.5 729 1.1 Consumer 2,665 3.7 2,052 3.6 Total residential and consumer 12,221 17.5 11,671 17.7 Total allowance for credit losses - loans 131,428 100.0 120,865 100.0 
 
 65 

Summary of Loan Credit Loss Experience 
 The following table presents the activity in the allowance for credit losses on loans for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended Year Ended (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance, January 1 120,865 136,242 Provision/ (credit) for credit losses - loans 12,602 (13,894) Loan charge-offs: Commercial real estate: Commercial investor real estate (401) Commercial owner-occupied real estate Commercial AD C (135) Commercial business (1,803) (449) Residential real estate: Residential mortgage (50) (160) Residential construction Consumer (421) (2,005) Total charge-offs (2,810) (2,614) Loan recoveries: Commercial real estate: Commercial investor real estate 9 25 Commercial owner-occupied real estate 81 105 Commercial AD C 330 Commercial business 31 303 Residential real estate: Residential mortgage 52 114 Residential construction Consumer 268 584 Total recoveries 771 1,131 Net (charge-offs)/ recoveries (2,039) (1,483) Balance, period end 131,428 120,865 Annualized net charge-offs/ (recoveries) to average loans 0.02 0.01 Allowance for credit losses on loans to loans 1.14 1.06 

Market Risk Management 
 Our net income is largely dependent on our net interest income. Net interest income is susceptible to interest rate risk to the extent that interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price on a different basis than interest-earning assets. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or re-price more quickly than interest-earning assets in a given period, a significant increase in market rates of interest could adversely affect net interest income. Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could result in a decrease in net interest income. Net interest income is also affected by changes in the portion of interest-earning assets that are funded by interest-bearing liabilities rather than by other sources of funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and stockholders' equity. 
 
 Our interest rate risk management goals are (1) to increase net interest income at a growth rate consistent with the growth rate of total assets, and (2) to minimize fluctuations in net interest income as a percentage of interest-earning assets. Management attempts to achieve these goals by balancing, within policy limits, the volume of floating-rate liabilities with a similar volume of floating-rate assets; by keeping the average maturity of fixed-rate asset and liability contracts reasonably matched; by maintaining a pool of administered core deposits; and by adjusting pricing rates to market conditions on a continuing basis. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has established a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy, which is administered by management s Asset Liability Management Committee ALCO ). The policy establishes limits on risk, which are quantitative measures of the percentage change in net interest income (a measure of net interest income or NII at risk) and the fair value of equity capital (a measure of economic value of equity or EVE at risk) resulting from a hypothetical change in U.S. Treasury interest rates for maturities from one day to thirty years. Management measures the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on its short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity by employing simulation analysis through the 
 66 

use of computer modeling. The simulation model captures optionality factors such as call features and interest rate caps and floors embedded in investment and loan portfolio contracts. As with any method of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the interest rate modeling methodology used by us. When interest rates change, actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and other deposits, may deviate significantly from assumptions used in the model. As an example, certain types of money market deposit accounts are assumed to reprice at 40 to 100 of the interest rate change in each of the up rate shock scenarios even though this is not a contractual requirement. As a practical matter, management would likely lag the impact of any upward movement in market rates on these accounts as a mechanism to manage our net interest margin. Finally, the methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher rates may have on adjustable-rate loan customers ability to service their debts, or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan and deposit products. 
 
 We prepare a current base case and multiple alternative simulations at least once per quarter and report the analysis to the Board of Directors. In addition, more frequent forecasts are produced when interest rates are particularly uncertain or when other business conditions, such as periods of economic uncertainty or market liquidity concerns, so dictate. 
 
 Our statement of condition is subject to quarterly testing for eight alternative interest rate shock possibilities to indicate the inherent interest rate risk. Average interest rates are shocked by +/- 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points bp ), although we may elect not to use particular scenarios if they are determined to be impractical in a current rate environment. It is management s goal to structure the statement of condition so that net interest income at risk over a twelve-month period and the economic value of equity at risk do not exceed policy guidelines at the various interest rate shock levels. 
 
 Measures of net interest income at risk produced by simulation analysis are indicators of an institution s short-term p erformance in alternative rate environments. These measures are typically based upon a relatively brief period, usually one year. They do not necessarily indicate the long-term prospects or economic value of the institution. 
 
 The following table presents estimated changes in net interest income utilizing an instantaneous parallel rate shocks in various interest rate scenarios: 
 
 Estimated Changes in Net Interest Income Change in Interest Rates: + 400 bp + 300 bp + 200 bp + 100 bp - 100 bp - 200 bp -300 bp -400 bp Policy Limit 23.50 17.50 15.00 10.00 10.00 15.00 17.50 23.50 September 30, 2024 (5.23 (3.80 (2.39 (1.14 1.79 3.72 5.82 8.81 December 31, 2023 (2.42 (1.71 (0.99 (0.40 1.13 2.09 2.84 3.87 
 
 As reflected in the table above, the measures of net interest income at risk at September 30, 2024 stayed relatively stable as compared to December 31, 2023. The modest increase in net interest income at risk during the current year is a result of a higher proportion of variable rate and soon to be repricing assets and liabilities on the balance sheet compared to year end, in the form of more floating rate loans as well as holding more cash and maturing securities on the asset side and more high yield savings accounts and soon to be repricing term deposits. 
 
 We augment our quarterly interest rate shock analysis with alternative external interest rate scenarios on a monthly basis. These alternative interest rate scenarios may include parallel rate ramps and non-parallel yield curve twists. If a measure of risk produced by the alternative simulations of the entire statement of condition violates policy guidelines, ALCO is required to develop a plan to restore the measure of risk to a level that complies with policy limits within two quarters. 
 
 The following table presents estimated changes in net interest income utilizing parallel rate ramps in various interest rate scenarios: 
 
 Estimated Changes in Net Interest Income Change in Interest Rates: + 400 bp + 300 bp + 200 bp + 100 bp - 100 bp - 200 bp -300 bp -400 bp September 30, 2024 (4.52 (3.29 (2.07 (0.99 1.43 2.94 4.51 6.15 December 31, 2023 (1.81 (1.24 (0.68 (0.25 0.81 1.54 2.22 2.87 
 
 The measures of equity value at risk indicate our ongoing economic value by considering the effects of changes in interest rates on all of our cash flows, and by discounting the cash flows to estimate the present value of assets and liabilities. The difference between these discounted values of the assets and liabilities is the economic value of equity, which, in theory, approximates the fair value of our net assets. 
 67 

Estimated Changes in Economic Value of Equity at Risk Change in Interest Rates: + 400 bp + 300 bp + 200 bp + 100 bp - 100 bp - 200 bp -300 bp -400 bp Policy Limit 35.00 25.00 20.00 10.00 10.00 20.00 25.00 35.00 September 30, 2024 (23.43 (16.92 (10.46 (4.63 4.05 6.74 7.12 1.90 December 31, 2023 (24.78 (18.31 (11.90 (5.75 5.55 9.92 12.93 12.49 
 
 Overall, the measure of the economic value of equity ("EVE") at risk declined in most of the rate change scenarios from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The slight decrease in EVE at risk is a reflection of a higher proportion of variable rate and soon to be repricing assets and liabilities. 

Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity is measured by a financial institution's ability to raise funds through loan repayments, maturing investments, deposit growth, borrowed funds, capital and the sale of highly marketable assets such as investment securities and residential mortgage loans. In assessing liquidity, management considers operating requirements, the seasonality of deposit flows, investment, loan and deposit maturities and calls, expected funding of loans and deposit withdrawals, and the market values of available-for-sale investments, so that sufficient funds are available on a short notice to meet obligations as they arise and to ensure that we are able to pursue new business opportunities. Accordingly, management evaluates these metrics on a monthly basis to ensure that policy parameters are adequately addressed. We perform liquidity stress testing at least quarterly which includes systemic and idiosyncratic scenarios. Testing at the end of the third quarter of 2024 indicated that the Company demonstrates sufficient liquidity in most severe scenarios. At September 30, 2024, our liquidity position, considering both internal and external sources available, exceeded anticipated short-term and long-term needs. 
 
 Liquidity is measured using an approach designed to take into account core deposits, in addition to factors already discussed above. Management considers core deposits, defined to include all deposits other than brokered and outsourced deposits, to be a relatively stable funding source. Core deposits, which exclude brokered deposit relationships, equaled 94 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 . At September 30, 2024, available unused liquidity, which consists of available FHLB borrowings, fed funds, funds through the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window, as well as excess cash and unpledged investment securities totaled 6.3 billion or 146 of uninsured deposits. Under the approach, implemented by the Funding and Liquidity Subcommittee of ALCO under formal policy guidelines, our liquidity position is measured weekly, looking forward at thirty day intervals from 30 to 360 days. The measurement is based upon the projection of funds sold or purchased position, along with ratios and trends developed to measure dependence on purchased funds and core growth. At September 30, 2024, our liquidity and funds availability provides it with the r equisite flexibility in funding and other liquidity demands. 
 
 Our external sources of funds available that can be drawn upon when required are available lines of credit with the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank and correspondent banks. At September 30, 2024, we had the ability to pledge collateral at prevailing market rates under a line of credit with the FHLB of 3.4 billion. FHLB availability based on pledged collateral at September 30, 2024 amounted to 3.0 billion, with 450.0 million outstanding against it. The secured lines of credit at the Federal Reserve Bank and correspondent banks totaled 771.8 million, all of which was available for borrowing based on pledged collateral, with no borrowings against it as of September 30, 2024. In addition, we have federal funds borrowing capacity under unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks of 829.0 million with no amount outstanding at September 30, 2024. Based upon its liquidity analysis, including external sources of liquidity available, management believes the liquidity position was appropriate at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Bancorp is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, Bancorp is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its common shareholders and interest and principal on outstanding debt. Bancorp s primary source of income is dividends received from the Bank. The amount of dividends that the Bank may declare and pay to Bancorp in any calendar year, without the receipt of prior approval from the Federal Reserve Bank, cannot exceed net income for that year to date period plus retained net income (as defined) for the preceding two calendar years. Quarterly, management evaluates the capacity to pay dividends under various stress scenarios and provides that recommendation to the Board of Directors. Based on this requirement, as of September 30, 2024, the Bank could have declared a dividend of up to 146.0 million to Bancorp. At September 30, 2024, Bancorp had liquid assets of 120.1 million. 
 
 Arrangements to fund credit products or guarantee financing take the form of loan commitments (including lines of credit on revolving credit structures) and letters of credit. Approvals for these arrangements are obtained in the same manner as loans. Generally, cash flows, collateral value and risk assessment are considered when determining the amount and structure of credit arrangements. 
 68 

Commitments to extend credit in the form of consumer, commercial real estate and business at the dates indicated were as follows: 
 (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate development and construction 385,207 572,540 Residential real estate-development and construction 665,021 713,903 Real estate-residential mortgage 26,479 16,608 Lines of credit, principally home equity and business lines 2,440,629 2,405,150 Standby letters of credit 89,735 71,817 Total commitments to extend credit and available credit lines 3,607,071 3,780,018 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to provide financing to a customer with the provision that there are no violations of any condition established in the agreement. Commitments generally have interest rates determined by current market rates, expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Lines of credit typically represent unused portions of lines of credit that were provided and remain available as long as customers comply with the requisite contractual conditions. Commitments to extend credit are evaluated, processed and/or renewed regularly on a case by case basis, as part of the credit management process. The total commitment amount or line of credit amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, as it is highly unlikely that all customers would draw on their lines of credit in full at one time. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total reserve for unfunded commitments was 1.5 million and is accounted for in other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the accounting policy for the allowance for unfunded commitments. 
 69 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 See Financial Condition - Market Risk Management in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, above, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated as of the last day of the period covered by this report, the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Act of 1934) during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 70 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, we become involved in litigation arising from the banking, financial and other activities we conduct. Management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising from these matters will have a material effect on our financial condition, operating results or liquidity. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The most significant risk factors affecting our business include the factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under Item 1A, Risk Factors and in the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other reports and registration statements. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Risks Related to the Pending Merger with Atlantic Union 
 
 We and Atlantic Union have, and the combined company following the merger will, incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 
 
 We and Atlantic Union have incurred and expect to incur significant non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of the Company with Atlantic Union s operations. These costs include legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employment-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, printing costs, and other related costs. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our business with the business of Atlantic Union, and there are many factors beyond our or Atlantic Union s control that could affect the total amount or timing of integration costs. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may offset incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 
 Whether or not the merger is consummated, we, Atlantic Union, and the combined company will incur substantial expenses in pursuing the merger and this may adversely impact our and the combined company s earnings. Completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be conditioned upon customary closing conditions, including the receipt of required governmental authorizations, consents, orders, and approvals, including approval by certain federal banking regulators. We and Atlantic Union intend to pursue all required approvals in accordance with the merger agreement. However, there can be no assurance that such approvals will be obtained without additional cost, on the anticipated timeframe, or at all. 
 
 Regulatory approvals for the merger and/or bank merger may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not currently anticipated, cannot be met, or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the merger and/or bank merger. 
 
 Before the proposed merger and the bank merger may be completed, various approvals, consents, and non-objections must be obtained from bank regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve. In determining whether to grant these approvals, regulatory authorities consider a variety of factors, including the regulatory standing of each party. These approvals could be delayed or not obtained at all, including due to any or all of the following: an adverse development in any party s regulatory standing or any other factors considered by regulators in granting such approvals; governmental, political, or community group inquiries, investigations or opposition; or changes in legislation or the political or regulatory environment generally, including as a result of changes of the U.S. executive administration, or Congressional leadership and regulatory agency leadership. 
 
 Even if the approvals are granted, they may impose terms and conditions, limitations, obligations or costs, or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company s business or require changes to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose any such conditions, limitations, obligations, or restrictions or that such conditions, limitations, obligations, or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger if the merger were completed successfully within the expected timeframe. In addition, there can be no assurance that any such conditions, limitations, obligations, or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. The completion of the merger is conditioned on the receipt of the requisite regulatory approvals without the imposition of any materially burdensome regulatory condition and the expiration of all statutory waiting periods. Additionally, the completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions, or decrees issued by any court or any governmental entity of 
 71 

competent jurisdiction that would prevent, prohibit, or make illegal the completion of the merger, the bank merger, or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. 
 
 Despite the parties expected commitment to use their reasonable best efforts to respond to any request for information and resolve any objection that may be asserted by any governmental entity with respect to the merger agreement, neither party is required under the terms of the merger agreement to take any action, commit to take any action, or agree to any condition or restriction in connection with obtaining these approvals, that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the proposed merger (measured on a scale relative only to the size of Bancorp and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (without Atlantic Union and its subsidiaries)). 
 
 The merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the merger may not be completed. Such failure to complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement could cause our results to be adversely affected, our stock price to decline, or have a material and adverse effect on our stock price and results of operations. 
 
 If the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are not completed for any reason, including as a result of Atlantic Union s shareholders failing to approve the merger agreement or the issuance of the shares of Atlantic Union common stock constituting the merger consideration, or our stockholders failing to approve the merger agreement, there may be various adverse consequences, and we and/or Atlantic Union may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from our respective customers and employees. For example, either party s business may have been impacted adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of its management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. Moreover, our stock price may decline because costs related to such transactions, such as legal, accounting, and financial advisory fees, must be paid even if such transactions, including the merger, are not completed. Moreover, we may be required to pay a termination fee of 56.0 million to Atlantic Union upon a termination of the merger agreement in certain circumstances. In addition, if the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are not completed, whether because of the failure to receive required regulatory approvals in a timely fashion or because one of the parties has breached its obligations in a way that permits Atlantic Union to terminate the merger agreement, or for any other reason, our stock price may decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be beneficial and will be completed. We and/or Atlantic Union also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or to proceedings commenced against either company to perform our obligations under the merger agreement. 
 
 The future results of the combined company following the merger may suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations. 
 
 Following the merger, the size of the business of the combined company will increase significantly beyond the current size of either our or Atlantic Union s business. The combined company s future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. The combined company may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of its business. 
 
 Both Atlantic Union Bank and the Bank are regulated and supervised by the Federal Reserve as well as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. In addition, at the state level, Atlantic Union Bank is chartered by the Commonwealth of Virginia and is supervised and regularly examined by the Bureau of Financial Institutions, a division of the Virginia State Corporation Commission, while the Bank is a state-chartered bank and trust company subject to supervision by the Office of Financial Regulation, part of the Maryland Department of Labor. The laws, regulations and regulatory guidance applicable to both banks will therefore differ in ways that may affect the operations of the combined company. Additionally, the internal policies of Atlantic Union Bank and the Bank with regards to their investment portfolios may differ on factors such as hold limits per bond issuer, life of the bond, or credit risk appetite. As a result, there are assets on the balance sheet of the Bank that the bank subsidiary of the combined company is not expected to hold, whether based on differences in regulatory oversight or internal policies, and Atlantic Union may dispose of such assets contemporaneous or subsequent to the closing of the merger. The disposition of certain assets in a high-interest rate environment, such as we have in the past experienced, are currently experiencing and may experience again in the future, could result in a sale of assets at a market price that is different than the estimated book value of such assets and impact regulatory capital ratios at the time of the closing of the merger. Further, Atlantic Union may replace such disposed assets with lower-yielding investments, any of which could impact its future earnings and return on equity. 
 
 There can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings or other benefits currently anticipated from the merger. 
 
 72 

We and Atlantic Union will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending. 
 
 Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees, customers (including depositors and borrowers), suppliers and vendors may have an adverse effect on us and Atlantic Union. These uncertainties may impair our and Atlantic Union s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel and customers (including depositors and borrowers) until the merger is completed, as such personnel and customers may experience uncertainty about their future roles and relationships following the completion of the merger. Additionally, these uncertainties could cause customers and others that deal with us or Atlantic Union to seek to change existing business relationships with us or Atlantic Union or fail to extend an existing relationship with us or Atlantic Union, as applicable. Competitors may target each party s existing customers by highlighting potential uncertainties and integration difficulties that may result from the merger. 
 
 In addition, subject to certain exceptions, we and Atlantic Union have agreed to operate our respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with past practice in all material respects before closing, and we and Atlantic Union have agreed not to take certain actions, which could cause us or Atlantic Union to be unable to pursue other beneficial opportunities that may arise before the completion of the merger. 
 
 Shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the completion of the merger or otherwise negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Shareholders of Atlantic Union and/or stockholders of the Company may file lawsuits against Atlantic Union, the Company and/or the directors and officers of either company in connection with the merger. One of the conditions to the closing is that no law, order, injunction or decree issued by any court or governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that would prevent, prohibit or make illegal the completion of the merger, the bank merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement be in effect. If any plaintiff were successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting Atlantic Union or the Company from completing the merger, the bank merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, then such injunction may delay or prevent the effectiveness of the merger and could result in significant costs to either party, including any cost associated with the indemnification of its directors and officers. We and Atlantic Union may incur costs relating to the defense or settlement of any shareholder lawsuits filed in connection with the merger. Shareholder lawsuits may divert management attention from management of each company s business or operations. Such litigation could have an adverse effect on such party s business, financial condition and results of operations and could prevent or delay the completion of the merger. 
 
 The merger will not be completed unless important conditions are satisfied or waived, including approval of the merger agreement by Atlantic Union shareholders and Company stockholders and approval of the issuance of Atlantic Union shares in the merger by Atlantic Union shareholders. 
 
 Specified conditions set forth in the merger agreement must be satisfied or waived to complete the merger. If the conditions are not satisfied or, subject to applicable law, waived, the merger will not occur or will be delayed and each of Atlantic Union and us may lose some or all of the intended benefits of the merger. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 On March 30, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase plan that permits the repurchase of up to 50.0 million of the Company's common stock. During 2022, the Company repurchased 625,710 shares of its common stock at an average price of 39.93 per share. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during 2023 or the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Under the current authorization, common stock with a total value of up to 25.0 million remains available to be repurchased. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 
 73 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 21, 2024, between Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation and Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21, 2024). 
 Exhibit 10.1 Support Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2024, by and between Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. and each of the shareholders of Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation listed on the signature pages therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 21, 2024). 
 Exhibit 31(a) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Exhibit 31(b) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 Exhibit 32(a) 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S. Section 1350 
 Exhibit 32(b) 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S. Section 1350 
 Exhibit 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 74 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this quarterly report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. 
 (Registrant) 
 
 By: /s/ Daniel J. Schrider 
 Daniel J. Schrider President and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 8, 2024 
 By: /s/ Charles S. Cullum 
 Charles S. Cullum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: November 8, 2024 

75 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 september2024ex-31a.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 

Exhibit 31 (a) 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 I, Daniel J. Schrider, Chief Executive Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp ), certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Daniel J. Schrider Daniel J. Schrider President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 september2024ex-31b.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 

Exhibit 31 (b) 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Charles S. Cullum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp ), certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Charles S. Cullum Charles S. Cullum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 4
 september2024ex-32a.htm
 EX-32.A

Document 

Exhibit 32 (a) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 
 
 I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in this Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp. 

By s Daniel J. Schrider Daniel J. Schrider President and Chief Executive Officer Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 5
 september2024ex-32b.htm
 EX-32.B

Document 

Exhibit 32 (b) 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certification 
 
 I hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that the accompanying Form 10-Q of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Bancorp for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in this Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bancorp. 

By s Charles S. Cullum Charles S. Cullum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sasr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sasr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sasr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sasr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sasr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

