<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1257640_0001558370-24-014630.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8352577</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158359</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1265546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2975837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1509068</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2227639</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014630.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014630
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KRONOS WORLDWIDE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001257640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				760294959
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31763
		FILM NUMBER:		241431198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-2620
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722331700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-2620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KRONOS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014630.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 kro-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

DELAWARE (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Number of shares of the registrant s common stock, .01 par value per share, outstanding on November 1, 2024: . 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX 

Page number Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2023; September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) - Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) - Nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 10 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 35 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 35 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 Item 6. Exhibits 37 Items 2, 3, 4 and 5 of Part II are omitted because there is no information to report. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) 

ASSETS December 31, September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Other assets: Investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture - Restricted cash Marketable securities Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill - Other Total other assets Property and equipment: Land Buildings Equipment Mining properties Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property and equipment Total assets 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) (In millions) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY December 31, September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt - Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Income taxes Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt Accrued pension costs Payable to affiliate - income taxes - Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other Total noncurrent liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Commitments and contingencies (Notes 10, 12 and 17) See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share data) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (unaudited) Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative expense Other operating income (expense): Currency transactions, net ) Other operating expense, net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture - - Interest and dividend income Marketable equity securities - ) Other components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per basic and diluted share Weighted average shares used in the calculation of net income (loss) per share See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In millions) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (unaudited) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans Other postretirement benefit plans ) - ) - Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In millions) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 (unaudited) Accumulated Additional other Common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury stock capital deficit loss stock Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) - Net loss - - ) - - ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - ) - ) Dividends paid - per share - - ) - - ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) - Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) - Net income - - - - Other comprehensive income, net of tax - - - - Dividends paid - per share - - ) - - ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) - 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 (unaudited) Accumulated Additional other Common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury stock capital deficit loss stock Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net loss - - ) - - ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - ) - ) Issuance of common stock - - - - Dividends paid - per share - - ) - - ) Treasury stock acquired - - - - ) ) Treasury stock retired - ) - - - Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) - Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) - Net income - - - - Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - ) - ) Issuance of common stock - - - - Dividends paid - per share - - ) - - ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) - See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Depreciation Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture - ) Premium on issuance of senior secured notes - Deferred income taxes ) Benefit plan expense less than cash funding ) ) Marketable equity securities ) Contributions to TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture, net ) ) Other, net Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables, net ) ) Inventories, net Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income taxes Accounts with affiliates ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisition of remaining TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture interest, net of cash acquired - ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Revolving credit facility: Borrowings - Payments - ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes - Loan from Contran - Deferred financing fees - ) Dividends paid ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) - Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - net change from: Operating, investing and financing activities ) ) Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash ) Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (In millions) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for: Interest, net of amount capitalized Income taxes Accrual for capital expenditures See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (unaudited) of our outstanding common stock and a wholly-owned subsidiary of NL Industries, Inc. (NYSE: NL) held approximately of our common stock. Valhi owned approximately of NL s outstanding common stock and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Contran Corporation held approximately of Valhi s outstanding common stock. A majority of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held directly by Lisa K. Simmons and by family stockholders Thomas C. Connelly (the husband of Ms. Simmons late sister), a family-owned entity and various family trusts established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons, Mr. Connelly and their children who are required to vote their shares of Contran voting stock in the same manner as Ms. Simmons. Such voting rights are personal to Ms. Simmons and last through April 22, 2030. The remainder of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held by another trust (the Family Trust ), which was established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons and her late sister and their children and for which a third-party financial institution serves as trustee. joint venture interest in Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. LPC previously held by Venator Investments, Ltd. Venator ). Prior to the acquisition, we held a joint venture interest in LPC and LPC was operated as a manufacturing joint venture between us and Venator. Following the acquisition, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash Flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us or our refer to Kronos Worldwide, Inc. and its subsidiaries (NYSE: KRO) taken as a whole. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Recoverable VAT and other receivables Receivables from affiliates, other: LPC - Other Refundable income taxes Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total Work in process Finished products Supplies Total ) September 30, 2024: Valhi common stock 1 At December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, we held approximately shares of Valhi s common stock. At December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, the per share quoted market price of Valhi s common stock was and , respectively. The Valhi common stock we own is subject to the restrictions on resale pursuant to certain provisions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Rule 144. In addition, as a majority-owned subsidiary of Valhi we cannot vote our shares of Valhi common stock under Delaware General Corporation Law, but we do receive dividends from Valhi on these shares when declared and paid. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 - Kronos International, Inc. Senior Secured Notes due 2025 Subordinated, Unsecured Term Loan from Contran - Revolving credit facility - Total debt Less current maturities - ) Total long-term debt Senior Secured Notes due 2029 - On February 12, 2024, for certain eligible holders of existing Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Old Notes of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Kronos International, Inc. (KII), KII executed an exchange of million principal amount of the outstanding Old Notes for newly issued million aggregate outstanding Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 (the New Notes and together with the Old Notes and the Additional New Notes (as defined below), the Senior Secured Notes plus additional cash consideration of million million). Holders of the Old Notes received for each principal amount of Old Notes exchanged, in principal amount of New Notes, plus a cash payment in an amount equal to . Following the exchange, Old Notes totaling million principal amount that were not exchanged continue to remain outstanding. In connection with the exchange, the indenture governing the Old Notes was amended to conform to the restrictive covenants in the indenture governing the New Notes and to make other conforming changes. KII did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance and delivery of the New Notes in connection with the exchange. We also entered into a million unsecured term loan from Contran Corporation (described below) in connection with the exchange. On July 30, 2024, KII issued an additional million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes and together with the New Notes the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 ). The Additional New Notes are additional notes to the existing million aggregate principal amount of New Notes issued on February 12, 2024. The Additional New Notes were issued at a premium of of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from February 12, 2024, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after fees and estimated expenses. The Additional New Notes are fungible with the New Notes, are treated as a single series with the New Notes and have the same terms as the New Notes, other than their date of issuance and issue price. The proceeds from the Additional New Notes were used to pay down borrowings under the million global revolving credit facility (the Global Revolver ). The Senior Secured Notes due 2029: per annum, payable on and of each year, payments began on ; have a maturity date of March 15, 2029. Prior to March 15, 2026, we may redeem some or all of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus an applicable premium as of the date of the redemption as described in the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes due 2029 plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after March 15, 2026, we may redeem the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at redemption prices ranging from of the principal amount, declining to on or after March 15, 2028, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, on or before March 15, 2026, we may redeem up to of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 with the net proceeds of certain public or private equity offerings at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, provided that following the redemption at least of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 remain outstanding . If we or our subsidiaries experience certain change of control events, as outlined in the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes due 2029 , we would be required to make an offer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We would also be required to make an offer to purchase a specified portion of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in the event that we and our subsidiaries generate a certain amount of net proceeds from the sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business, and such net proceeds are not otherwise used for specified purposes within a specified time period as described in the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes due 2029; 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 of the common stock or other ownership interests of each existing and future direct domestic subsidiary of KII and the guarantors, and (ii) of the voting common stock or other ownership interests and of the non-voting common stock or other ownership interests of each non-U.S. subsidiary that is directly owned by KII or any guarantor; contain a number of covenants and restrictions which, among other things, restrict our ability to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments, or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer substantially all of our assets to, another entity, and contain other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in lending transactions of this type (however, there are no ongoing financial maintenance covenants); and contain customary default provisions, including a default under any of our other indebtedness in excess of million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 million aggregate principal amount outstanding plus million of unamortized premium) is stated net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million. As a result of the note exchange, in the first quarter of 2024 we recognized a non-cash pre-tax interest charge of million included in interest expense related to the write-off of the deferred financing costs associated with the Old Notes. As of September 30, 2024, we have capitalized million in debt issuance costs associated with the Senior Secured Notes due 2029. Senior Secured Notes due 2025 - At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our remaining Old Notes million aggregate principal amount outstanding) is million. In connection with the issuance of the New Notes in February 2024, the indenture governing the Old Notes was amended to conform to the restrictive covenants in the indenture governing the New Notes and to make other conforming changes. Subordinated, Unsecured Term Loan from Contran - As part of the refinancing of a majority of our Old Notes discussed above, we borrowed million million) from Contran through the issuance of an unsecured, subordinated term promissory note dated February 12, 2024 (the Contran Term Loan ). The Contran Term Loan is guaranteed by our domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries. Our obligations under the Contran Term Loan, and the obligations of the guarantors under the related guaranties, are unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to our Senior Secured Notes and our Global Revolver. Interest on the Contran Term Loan is payable in cash. Subsequent to the issuance of the Additional New Notes, in August 2024, the Contran Term Loan was amended to change the interest rate from to . The amended rate reflects the effective interest rate of the Additional New Notes plus an additional interest rate spread of , which is based upon comparable debt transactions at the time of the issuance of the Additional New Notes. The Contran Term Loan matures on demand (but no earlier than September 2029), is not subject to any amortization payments and is prepayable at par beginning in March 2026. The restrictive covenants in the Contran Term Loan are substantially similar to those contained in the indenture governing our Senior Secured Notes. In accordance with our related party transaction policy, the audit committee of our board of directors, comprised of the independent directors, approved the terms and conditions of the original and amended Contran Term Loan. Revolving credit facility Effective July 17, 2024, we completed an amendment to our Global Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment increased the maximum borrowing amount from million to million, extended the maturity date to July 2029 and expanded the agreement to include LPC and LPC s receivables and certain of its inventories in the borrowing base. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Available borrowings are based on formula-determined amounts of eligible trade receivables and inventories, as defined in the agreement, less any outstanding letters of credit issued under the Global Revolver. Borrowings by our Canadian, Belgian and German subsidiaries are limited to U.S. million, million and million, respectively. Any amounts outstanding under the Global Revolver bear interest, at our option, at the applicable non-base rate (SOFR, adjusted CORRA or EURIBOR, depending on the currency of the borrowing) plus a margin ranging from to , or at the applicable base rate, as defined in the agreement, plus a margin ranging from to . U.S. Dollar or Canadian Dollar non-base rate loans, as well as Euro non-base rate and Euro base rate loans are subject to a floor, plus the applicable margin. The Global Revolver is collateralized by, among other things, a first priority lien on the borrowers trade receivables and inventories. The facility contains a number of covenants and restrictions customary in lending transactions of this type which, among other things, restrict the borrowers ability to incur additional debt, incur liens, pay additional dividends or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer all or substantially all of their assets to another entity and, under certain conditions, requires the 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 to 1.0. During the first nine months of 2024, we borrowed million and repaid million under our Global Revolver. The average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was , and at September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings was . At September 30, 2024, approximately million was available for borrowing. Other We are in compliance with all of our debt covenants at September 30, 2024. Accrued sales discounts and rebates Employee benefits Payables to affiliates: LPC - Income taxes payable to Valhi Other - Accrued interest Operating lease liabilities Other Total Accrued postretirement benefits Employee benefits Earn-out liability - Other Total See Notes 13 and 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to the acquisition earn-out liability. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Germany Canada Norway Belgium Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Net sales - point of destination: Europe North America Other Total Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Recognized actuarial losses Settlements - - - Total In the second quarter of 2023, we completed a termination and buy-out of our UK pension plan resulting in a million settlement loss. We expect our 2024 contributions for our pension plans to be approximately million. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Non-U.S. tax rates ) ) Incremental net tax benefit on earnings and losses of U.S. and non-U.S. companies ) ) ) ) Valuation allowance, net Global intangible low-tax income, net ) ) Nondeductible expenses Other, net ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Comprehensive provision (benefit) for income taxes allocable to: Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Pension plans OPEB plans ) - ) - Total ) ) The amount shown in the preceding table of our income tax rate reconciliation for non-U.S. tax rates represents the result determined by multiplying the pre-tax earnings or losses of each of our non-U.S. subsidiaries by the difference between the applicable statutory income tax rate for each non-U.S. jurisdiction and the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. The amount shown on such table for incremental net tax benefit on earnings and losses of U.S. and non-U.S. companies includes, as applicable, (i) deferred income taxes (or deferred income tax benefits) associated with the current-year earnings (losses) of all of our non-U.S. subsidiaries and (ii) current U.S. income taxes (or current income tax benefit), including U.S. personal holding company tax, as applicable, attributable to current-year income (losses) of one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, which subsidiary is treated as a dual resident for U.S. income tax purposes, to the extent the current-year income (losses) of such subsidiary is subject to U.S. income tax under the U.S. dual-resident provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Tax authorities are examining certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. tax returns and may propose tax deficiencies, including penalties and interest. We believe we have adequate accruals for additional taxes and related interest expense which could ultimately result from tax examinations. We believe the ultimate disposition of tax examinations should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. We currently estimate that our unrecognized tax benefits will not change materially during the next twelve months. 

 16 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income - amortization of prior service cost and net losses included in net periodic pension cost Settlement loss - - - Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) OPEB plans: Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive loss - amortization of prior service credit and net losses included in net periodic OPEB cost ) - ) - Balance at end of period Total accumulated other comprehensive loss: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Our board of directors has previously authorized the repurchase of up to million shares of our common stock in open market transactions, including block purchases, or in privately-negotiated transactions at unspecified prices and over an unspecified period of time. We may repurchase our common stock from time to time as market conditions permit. The stock repurchase program does not include specific price targets or timetables and may be suspended at any time. Depending on market conditions, we may terminate the program prior to its completion. We use cash on hand or other sources of liquidity to acquire the shares. Repurchased shares are added to our treasury and subsequently cancelled upon approval of the board of directors. During the first and second quarters of 2023, we acquired and shares of our common stock, respectively, in market transactions for an aggregate purchase price of million. Also, during the first and second quarters of 2023 we cancelled and shares, respectively, previously held as treasury stock. At September 30, 2024, shares are available for repurchase under this stock repurchase program. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Long-term debt: Fixed rate Senior Secured Notes due 2029 - - Fixed rate Senior Secured Notes due 2025 Revolving credit facility - - At September 30, 2024, the estimated market price of our Senior Secured Notes due 2029 was per principal amount, and the estimated market price of our Senior Secured Notes due 2025 was per principal amount. The fair values of our Senior Secured Notes were based on quoted market prices; however, these quoted market prices represented Level 2 inputs because the markets in which the Senior Secured Notes trade were not active. Due to the variable interest rate, the carrying amount of our revolving credit facility is deemed to approximate fair value. Due to their near-term maturities, the carrying amounts of accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered equivalent to fair value. See Notes 2 and 6. million million, million and million in the first, second and third quarters of 2023, respectively), which is included in other operating expense, net on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 employees. We recognized a total of approximately million in charges primarily in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to workforce reductions we implement e d during the sec ond h a l f o f t h e y e a r. In the third quarter of 2024, we closed our sulfate process line at our plant in Varennes, Canada. As a result of the sulfate process line closure, we recognized charges to Cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 of approximately million related to workforce reductions for employees impacted and approximately million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation. A summary of the activity in our accrued restructuring costs for the first nine months of 2024 is shown in the table below: Workforce reduction costs accrued Workforce reduction costs paid ) Currency translation adjustments, net ) Accrued workforce reduction costs at September 30, 2024 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: Current liability Noncurrent liability - Total joint venture interest in LPC for consideration of million less a working capital adjustment of million. An additional earn-out payment of up to million may be required if our aggregate consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense, or EBITDA, during a two-year period comprising calendar years 2025 and 2026 exceed certain thresholds as described below. Prior to the acquisition, we held a joint venture interest in LPC and LPC was operated as a joint venture between us and Venator. We accounted for the acquisition of LPC s interest as a business combination and, as a result of obtaining full control, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. Obtaining 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 metric tons annually of TiO 2 production volume allows us to better serve the North American TiO 2 marketplace. The acquisition was financed through a borrowing of million under our Global Revolver and the remainder paid with cash on hand. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. We incurred million of transaction costs in connection with the acquisition. These costs were primarily associated with legal and professional services and were expensed in accordance with ASC 805 and are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The potential earn-out payment of up to million is based on our aggregate consolidated EBITDA tiers for 2025 and 2026 of million and million, with million of the earn-out payable if we achieve million in aggregate consolidated EBITDA, and a maximum of million payable if aggregate EBITDA is million or greater for the period. If we achieve aggregated consolidated EBITDA between million and million, the payment of the additional million is prorated between the two targets. The earn-out is payable at the earliest in April 2027. The estimated fair value of the earn-out at the Acquisition Date is million and was determined using a weighted probability of potential outcomes based on estimated future EBITDA and volatility factors, among other variables and estimates. The earn-out liability is included in Other noncurrent liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and is part of the line item captioned Earn-out liability in Note 7. The fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The earn-out liability will be re-measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the change to the liability, if any, would be recorded in Other income (expense) in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We remeasured our existing ownership interest in LPC to its estimated fair value at the Acquisition Date in accordance with ASC 805-10-25, for a business combination achieved in stages (because we previously had an ownership interest in LPC). As a result of such remeasurement, we recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately million in the third quarter of 2024, representing the difference between the million estimated fair value of our existing ownership interest in LPC at the Acquisition Date and its aggregate million carrying value at the Acquisition Date. Such pre-tax gain is disclosed as Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture and is included in Other income (expense) in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The following table summarizes the aggregate fair value of the consideration transferred to gain control of LPC, the current estimate for the fair value of our existing ownership interest in LPC and the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Acquisition Date. The estimated purchase price allocation is based upon management s estimate of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities using independent third-party appraiser valuation techniques including income, cost, and market approaches. The total consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the excess of the consideration over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 Working capital adjustment ) Earn-out liability Total fair value of consideration Fair value of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture Total Allocation of purchase price to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Other assets Property and equipment Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Deferred tax liability ) Total net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total Property and equipment will be depreciated over useful lives of to . Goodwill is related to the benefits expected as a result of the acquisition, and of the million recorded as goodwill, million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. As noted above, prior to the Acquisition Date we and Venator operated LPC as a manufacturing joint venture on a break-even basis. Under the terms of the operating agreement, Kronos purchase price of TiO 2 produced by LPC equaled LPC s production costs. Therefore, the pro forma impact of combining LPC s results of operations assuming the LPC transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2023 would result in net increase to earnings. The additional interest expense and depreciation expense that would have occurred during the comparable period is not material. The pro forma impact is not necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results of operations that might have been achieved had the acquisition occurred as of January 1, 2023. The incremental finished goods offtake produced resulting from our additional interest acquired in LPC has not materially impacted our revenue and earnings from Acquisition Date through the end of the third quarter. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Business overview We are a leading global producer and marketer of value-added titanium dioxide pigments (TiO 2 ). TiO 2 is used for a variety of manufacturing applications, including paints, plastics, paper and other industrial and specialty products. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately 40 of our sales volumes were sold into European markets. Our production facilities are located in Europe and North America. We consider TiO 2 to be a quality of life product, with demand affected by gross domestic product, or GDP, and overall economic conditions in our markets located in various regions of the world. Over the long-term, we expect demand for TiO 2 will grow by 2 to 3 per year, consistent with our expectations for the long-term growth in GDP. However, even if we and our competitors maintain consistent shares of the worldwide market, demand for TiO 2 in any interim or annual period may not change in the same proportion as the change in GDP, in part due to relative changes in the TiO 2 inventory levels of our customers. We believe our customers inventory levels are influenced in part by their expectation for future changes in TiO 2 selling prices as well as their expectation for future availability of product. Although certain of our TiO 2 grades are considered specialty pigments, the majority of our grades and substantially all of our production are considered commodity pigment products with price and availability being the most significant competitive factors along with product quality and customer and technical support services. The factors having the most impact on our reported operating results are: TiO 2 selling prices, TiO 2 sales and production volumes, Manufacturing costs, particularly raw materials such as third-party feedstock, maintenance and energy-related expenses, and Currency exchange rates (particularly the exchange rate for the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and the euro relative to the Norwegian krone). 
 Our key performance indicators are our TiO 2 average selling prices, our level of TiO 2 sales and production volumes and the cost of titanium-containing feedstock purchased from third parties. TiO 2 selling prices generally follow industry trends and selling prices will increase or decrease generally as a result of competitive market pressures. Executive summary As previously reported, effective July 16, 2024 Acquisition Date ), we acquired the 50 joint venture interest in Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. LPC previously held by Venator Investments, Ltd. Venator ). Prior to the acquisition, LPC was operated as a manufacturing joint venture between us and Venator, and through a wholly-owned subsidiary, we held a 50 joint venture interest in LPC. Following the acquisition, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. We acquired the 50 joint venture interest that we did not already own for consideration of 185 million less a working capital adjustment of 11.0 million. An additional earn-out payment of up to 15 million based on our aggregate consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense, or EBITDA, during a two-year period comprising calendar years 2025 and 2026 may be required. The acquisition was financed through borrowings of 132.1 million under our global revolving credit facility (the Global Revolver and the remainder paid with cash on hand. We accounted for the acquisition of LPC s interest as a business combination. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC are included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC are included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash Flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We reported net income of 71.8 million, or .62 per share, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a net loss of 20.4 million, or .18 per share, in the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, we reported net income of 99.4 million, or .86 per share, compared to a net loss of 43.8 million, or .38 per share, in the first nine months of 2023. Net income increased in the third 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to higher income from operations as a result of the effects of higher sales and production volumes and lower production costs (primarily energy and raw materials), partially offset by lower average TiO 2 selling prices. Our results of operations in the first nine months of 2023 were significantly impacted by reduced demand for certain of our products occurring in all major markets and unabsorbed fixed production and other costs due to reduced production volumes. Demand has improved in all of our major markets in the first nine months of 2024 and production volumes have increased, contributing to our improved profitability. Comparability of our results was also impacted by the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. Our net income in the first nine months of 2024 includes a non-cash, pre-tax gain of 64.5 million 50.9 million, or .44 per share, net of income tax expense) resulting from the measurement of our investment in LPC and an aggregate charge of 1.5 million 1.1 million, or .01 per share, net of income tax benefit) related to a write-off of deferred financing costs. Our net loss in the first nine months of 2023 includes the recognition of a pre-tax insurance settlement gain of 2.5 million 2.0 million, or .02 per share, net of income tax expense) related to a business interruption insurance claim arising from Hurricane Laura in 2020 and a 1.3 million settlement loss related to the termination and buy-out of our UK pension plan .9 million, or .01 per share, net of income tax expense). Forward-looking information This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are forward-looking in nature and represent management s beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as believes, intends, may, should, could, anticipates, expects or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategies or trends. Although we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not know if these expectations will be correct. Such statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results. Actual future results could differ materially from those predicted. The factors that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those described herein are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Quarterly Report and those described from time to time in our other filings with the SEC and include, but are not limited to, the following: Future supply and demand for our products; Our ability to realize expected cost savings from strategic and operational initiatives; Our ability to integrate acquisitions, including LPC into our operations and realize expected synergies and innovations; The extent of the dependence of certain of our businesses on certain market sectors; The cyclicality of our business; Customer and producer inventory levels; Unexpected or earlier-than-expected industry capacity expansion; Changes in raw material and other operating costs (such as energy and ore costs); Changes in the availability of raw materials (such as ore); General global economic and political conditions that harm the worldwide economy, disrupt our supply chain, increase material and energy costs or reduce demand or perceived demand for our TiO 2 products or impair our ability to operate our facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world, natural disasters, terrorist acts, global conflicts and public health crises); Operating interruptions (including, but not limited to, labor disputes, leaks, natural disasters, fires, explosions, unscheduled or unplanned downtime, transportation interruptions, certain regional and world events or economic conditions and public health crises); Technology related disruptions (including, but not limited to, cyber-attacks, software implementation, upgrades or improvements, technology processing failures, or other events) related to our technology infrastructure that could impact 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to continue operations, or at key vendors which could impact our supply chain, or at key customers which could impact their operations and cause them to curtail or pause orders; Competitive products and substitute products; Customer and competitor strategies; Potential consolidation of our competitors; Potential consolidation of our customers; The impact of pricing and production decisions; Competitive technology positions; Potential difficulties in upgrading or implementing accounting and manufacturing software systems; The introduction of trade barriers or trade disputes; Fluctuations in currency exchange rates (such as changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and each of the euro, the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and between the euro and the Norwegian krone), or possible disruptions to our business resulting from uncertainties associated with the euro or other currencies; Our ability to renew or refinance credit facilities or other debt instruments in the future; Changes in interest rates; Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity; The ultimate outcome of income tax audits, tax settlement initiatives or other tax matters, including future tax reform; Our ability to utilize income tax attributes, the benefits of which may or may not have been recognized under the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria; Environmental matters (such as those requiring compliance with emission and discharge standards for existing and new facilities); Government laws and regulations and possible changes therein including new environmental, health and safety, sustainability, or other regulations (such as those seeking to limit or classify TiO 2 or its use); and Pending or possible future litigation or other actions. 
 Should one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such a development worsen), or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those forecasted or expected. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of changes in information, future events or otherwise. Results of operations Current industry conditions We and the TiO 2 industry experienced an extended period of significantly reduced demand across all major markets which was reflected in our sales volumes throughout 2023. While demand has improved in 2024 resulting in increased sales volumes across all major markets compared to the prior year, overall demand remains below average historical levels and during the third quarter of 2024, demand moderated as compared to the first half of the year. We started 2024 with average TiO 2 selling prices 13 lower than at the beginning of 2023 and our average TiO 2 selling prices increased 4 during the first nine months of 2024. Our average TiO 2 selling prices in the first nine months of 2024 were 7 lower than average prices during the first nine months of 2023. We operated our production facilities at 71 of practical capacity utilization in the first nine months of 2023 in response to decreased demand and higher production costs. As a result of increased demand experienced in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first nine months of 2024, along with more favorable production costs, we began increasing our production rates during the first quarter of 2024 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 and we operated at near practical capacity in the second and third quarters of 2024 resulting in 93 of practical capacity utilization in the first nine months of 2024. The following table shows our capacity utilization rates during 2023 and 2024. 

Production Capacity Utilization Rates 2023 2024 First Quarter 76 87 Second Quarter 64 99 Third Quarter 73 92 Excluding the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, our cost of sales per metric ton of TiO 2 sold in the first nine months of 2024 was significantly lower as compared to the comparable period in 2023 primarily due to significant decreases in per metric ton production costs (primarily feedstock and energy). In response to the extended period of reduced demand in 2023, discussed above, we took measures to reduce our operating costs and improve our long-term cost structure such as the implementation of certain voluntary and involuntary workforce reductions during the third quarter of 2023 that primarily impacted our European operations. A substantial portion of our workforce reductions were accomplished through voluntary programs, for which eligible workforce reduction costs are recognized at the time bo t h t h e e m p lo y e e a n d e m p lo y e r a r e i rr e vo ca b l y c o m mitte d t o t h e te r ms o f the sep a rati o n. Thes e wor k forc e re d uctio n s impacted approximately 100 employees. We recognized a total of approximately 6 m illi on i n c h ar g es pr im a r il y i n t h e f o ur t h qu a rter o f 2023 r elated to work f orc e re d uctio n s we implement e d during the sec ond h a l f o f t h e y e a r. We have paid approximately 4 million through the end of the third quarter. The majority of the remaining related cash payments will be paid by the end of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, we closed our sulfate process line at our plant in Varennes, Canada. As a result of the sulfate process line closure, we recognized charges to cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 of approximately 2 million related to workforce reductions for employees impacted of which approximately .6 million was paid through the end of the third quarter. We also recognized a total of approximately 14 million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation in the second and third quarters of 2024. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 396.9 100 484.7 100 Cost of sales 362.5 91 383.5 79 Gross margin 34.4 9 101.2 21 Selling, general and administrative expense 53.6 13 62.3 13 Other operating income (expense): Currency transactions, net (3.9) (1) 2.9 - Other operating expense, net (2.2) (1) (2.9) - Income (loss) from operations (25.3) (6) 38.9 8 Change TiO 2 operating statistics: Sales volumes 107 130 21 Production volumes 102 141 37 Percentage change in net sales: TiO 2 sales volumes 21 TiO 2 product pricing (1) TiO 2 product mix/other 2 Changes in currency exchange rates - Total 22 

 Thousands of metric tons Net sales - Net sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased 22 , or 87.8 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to the effects of a 21 increase in sales volumes (which increased net sales by approximately 83 million) partially offset by a 1 decrease in average TiO 2 selling prices (which decreased net sales by approximately 4 million). The effects of changes in currency exchange rates in the third quarter of 2024 were comparable to the third quarter of 2023. TiO 2 selling prices will increase or decrease generally as a result of competitive market pressures, changes in the relative level of supply and demand as well as changes in raw material and other manufacturing costs. Our sales volumes increased 21 in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to higher overall demand across all major markets. Incremental sales volumes generated from the LPC acquisition did not materially impact quarter to quarter comparisons. Cost of sales and gross margin - Cost of sales increased by 21.0 million, or 6 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to the net effects of a 21 increase in sales volumes, higher production rates and lower production costs of approximately 24 million (primarily energy and raw materials). Cost of sales in the third quarter of 2024 also includes approximately 4 million in non-cash charges related to accelerated depreciation in connection with the closure of our sulfate process line in Canada. Our cost of sales in the third quarter of 2023 includes 20 million of unabsorbed fixed production and other manufacturing costs associated with production curtailments at our facilities during the third quarter of 2023 as we adjusted our TiO 2 production volumes to align inventory levels with lower demand. Our third quarter production volumes include approximately 13,000 metric tons of incremental production resulting from the LPC acquisition. Our cost of sales as a percentage of net sales improved to 79 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 91 in the same period of 2023 primarily due to the favorable effects of lower production costs and higher production volumes resulting in increased coverage of fixed production costs. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 21 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 9 in the third quarter of 2023. As discussed and quantified above, our gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to higher sales and production volumes and lower production costs, which were partially offset by lower average TiO 2 selling prices. Selling, general and administrative expense - Selling, general and administrative expense increased 8.7 million, or 16 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to higher distribution costs related to higher sales volumes during the quarter. Our selling, general, and administrative expense in the third quarter of 2024 also includes 2.2 million of transaction costs incurred in connection with the LPC acquisition. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales remained consistent at 13 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. Income (loss) from operations We had income from operations of 38.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a loss from operations of 25.3 million in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the factors impacting gross margin discussed above. We estimate that changes in currency exchange rates increased our income from operations by approximately 13 million in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, as discussed in the effects of currency exchange rates section below. Other non-operating income (expense) - We recognized a gain on the remeasurement of our investment in LPC of 64.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 as a result of the acquisition. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Interest expense in the third quarter of 2024 increased 7.5 million compared to interest expense in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the February 2024 exchange of 325 million of our 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 for newly issued 276.174 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 plus additional cash consideration, the July 30, 2024 issuance of an additional 75 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, and as a result of the 53.7 million subordinated, unsecured term loan from Contran due September 2029 at an interest rate of 11.5 which we entered into in February 2024 in connection with the exchange and which interest rate was amended to 9.54 in August 2024 in conjunction with the issuance of the additional 75 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029. See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We recognized an unrealized gain of 2.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to the change in market price of our marketable equity securities . There was no change in the relative market value of our marketable equity securities in the third quarter of 2023. See Note 4 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Other components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost in the third quarter of 2024 decreased .6 million compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due a higher expected return on plan assets. See Note 9 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Income tax expense (benefit) - We recognized income tax expense of 22.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of 8.7 million in the third quarter of 2023. The difference is primarily due to higher earnings in the third quarter of 2024 and the jurisdictional mix of such earnings. Our earnings and losses are subject to income tax in various U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions, and the income tax rates applicable to the pre-tax earnings (losses) of our non-U.S. operations are generally higher than the income tax rates applicable to our U.S. operations. We would generally expect our overall effective tax rate, excluding the effect of any increase or decrease in our deferred income tax asset valuation allowance or changes in our reserve for uncertain tax positions, to be higher than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily because of our sizeable non-U.S. operations. See Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ), the European Union and other countries have committed to enacting the OECD s Pillar Two initiative that would provide a global minimum level of taxation for multinational companies to be applied on a country-by-country basis. Currently, many countries are drafting or have enacted legislation to implement the Pillar Two rules effective for years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. Based on legislation currently enacted, we do not anticipate any material impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements; however, until all the jurisdictions we operate in enact legislation, the full impact of Pillar Two to us is unknown. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 1,266.4 100 1,464.0 100 Cost of sales 1,157.1 91 1,191.1 81 Gross margin 109.3 9 272.9 19 Selling, general and administrative expense 156.9 12 174.4 12 Other operating income (expense): Currency transactions, net 4.6 - 4.9 - Other operating expense, net (7.3) (1) (9.1) (1) Income (loss) from operations (50.3) (4) 94.3 6 Change TiO 2 operating statistics: Sales volumes 313 394 26 Production volumes 296 399 35 Percentage change in net sales: TiO 2 sales volumes 26 TiO 2 product pricing (7) TiO 2 product mix/other (3) Changes in currency exchange rates - Total 16 Net sales - Net sales in the first nine months of 2024 increased 16 , or 197.6 million, compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to the effects of a 26 increase in sales volumes due to improved overall demand across all major markets (which increased net sales by approximately 329 million) partially offset by a 7 decrease in average TiO 2 selling prices (which decreased net sales by approximately 89 million). Changes in product mix negatively contributed to net sales, primarily due to changes in product sales mix in export markets in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Additionally, we estimate that changes in currency exchange rates (primarily the euro) increased our net sales by approximately 5 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the first nine months of 2023. TiO 2 selling prices will increase or decrease generally as a result of competitive market pressures and changes in the relative level of supply and demand as well as changes in raw material and other manufacturing costs. Incremental sales volumes resulting from the LPC acquisition did not significantly impact period to period comparisons in the respective nine-month periods. Cost of sales and gross margin - Cost of sales increased 34.0 million, or 3 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 due to the net effects of a 26 increase in sales volumes, higher production rates resulting in reduced unabsorbed fixed production costs, and lower production costs of approximately 108 million (primarily raw materials and energy). Our unabsorbed fixed production costs in the first nine months of 2024 were 12 million (incurred in the first quarter) compared to 74 million in the first nine months of 2023 related to curtailments in 2023 and continuing into the first quarter of 2024, as discussed above. Our cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 includes a charge of approximately 2 million related to workforce reductions and approximately 14 million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation in connection with the closure of our sulfate process line in Canada. Sales and production volumes resulting from the LPC acquisition did not materially impact comparisons to the prior year. Our cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased to 81 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 91 in the same period of 2023 primarily due to the favorable effects of lower production costs and higher production volumes resulting in increased coverage of fixed production costs. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 19 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 9 in the first nine months of 2023. As discussed and quantified above, our gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to higher sales and production volumes as well as lower production costs, partially offset by lower average TiO 2 selling prices. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, general and administrative expense - Selling, general and administrative expense increased 17.5 million, or 11 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher distribution costs related to higher sales volumes. Our selling, general and administrative expense in the first nine months of 2024 also includes 2.2 million of transaction costs incurred in connection with the LPC acquisition . Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales remained consistent in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. Income (loss) from operations We had income from operations of 94.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a loss from operations of 50.3 million in the first nine months of 2023 as a result of the factors impacting gross margin discussed above. We recognized a gain of 2.5 million in the first nine months of 2023 related to cash received from the settlement of a business interruption insurance claim. See Note 14 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We estimate that changes in currency exchange rates increased our income from operations by approximately 10 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, as further discussed below. Other non-operating income (expense) - We recognized a gain on the remeasurement of our investment in LPC of 64.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 as a result of the acquisition. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Interest expense in the first nine months of 2024 increased 18.0 million compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to higher interest rates on the debt exchange and the issuance of new notes noted above. As a result of the exchange, interest expense for the first nine months of 2024 includes a charge of 1.5 million for the write-off of deferred financing costs. See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We recognized a gain of 2.6 million on the change in value of our marketable equity securities in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a loss of 1.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. See Note 4 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Other components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost in the first nine months of 2024 decreased 3.1 million compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to a higher expected return on plan assets and a non-recurring 1.3 million in settlement costs related to the termination and buy-out of our UK pension plan in the second quarter of 2023. See Note 9 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Income tax expense (benefit) - We recognized income tax expense of 34.7 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of 19.7 million in the first nine months of 2023. The difference is primarily due to higher earnings in 2024 and the jurisdictional mix of such earnings. Our earnings are subject to income tax in various U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions, and the income tax rates applicable to the pre-tax earnings (losses) of our non-U.S. operations are generally higher than the income tax rates applicable to our U.S. operations. We would generally expect our overall effective tax rate, excluding the effect of any increase or decrease in our deferred income tax asset valuation allowance or changes in our reserve for uncertain tax positions, to be higher than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily because of our sizeable non-U.S. operations. However, in the first nine months of 2024, our consolidated effective income tax rate, excluding the effect of the valuation allowance and change in reserve for uncertain tax positions, is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 due to the effect of lower earnings and tax benefits associated with losses incurred in certain high tax jurisdictions. See Note 10 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the OECD ), the European Union and other countries have committed to enacting the OECD s Pillar Two initiative that would provide a global minimum level of taxation for multinational companies to be applied on a country-by-country basis. Currently, many countries are drafting or have enacted legislation to implement the Pillar Two rules effective for years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. Based on legislation currently enacted, we do not anticipate any material impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements; however, until all the jurisdictions we operate in enact legislation, the full impact of Pillar Two to us is unknown. Effects of currency exchange rates We have substantial operations and assets located outside the United States (primarily in Germany, Belgium, Norway and Canada). The majority of our sales from non-U.S. operations are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, principally the euro, other major European currencies and the Canadian dollar. A portion of our sales generated from our non-U.S. operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar (and consequently our non-U.S. operations will generally hold U.S. dollars from time to time). Certain raw materials used in all our production facilities, primarily titanium-containing feedstocks, are purchased primarily in U.S. dollars, while labor and other production and administrative costs are incurred primarily in local currencies. Consequently, the translated U.S. dollar value of our non-U.S. sales and operating results are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations which may favorably or unfavorably impact reported earnings and may affect the comparability of period-to-period operating results. In addition to the impact of the translation of sales and expenses over time, our non-U.S. operations also generate currency transaction gains and losses which 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 primarily relate to (i) the difference between the currency exchange rates in effect when non-local currency sales or operating costs (primarily U.S. dollar denominated) are initially accrued and when such amounts are settled with the non-local currency, and (ii) changes in currency exchange rates during time periods when our non-U.S. operations are holding non-local currency (primarily U.S. dollars). Fluctuations in currency exchange rates had the following effects on our sales and income (loss) from operations for the periods indicated. 

Impact of changes in currency exchange rates Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs September 30, 2023 Translation Total gains/(losses) - currency Transaction gains (losses) recognized impact of impact 2023 2024 Change rate changes 2024 vs 2023 (In millions) Impact on: Net sales - - - (1) (1) Income (loss) from operations (4) 3 7 6 13 The 1 million decrease in net sales (translation losses) was caused primarily by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, as our euro-denominated sales were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone in 2024 did not have a significant effect on our net sales, as a substantial portion of the sales generated by our Canadian and Norwegian operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar. The 13 million increase in income from operations was comprised of the following: 
 Lower net currency transaction losses of approximately 7 million primarily caused by relative changes in currency exchange rates at each applicable balance sheet date between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, and between the euro and the Norwegian krone, which causes increases or decreases, as applicable, in U.S. dollar-denominated receivables and payables and U.S. dollar currency held by our non-U.S. operations, and in Norwegian krone denominated receivables and payables held by our non-U.S. operations, and 
 Approximately 6 million from net currency translation gains primarily caused by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, as local currency-denominated operating costs were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The effect of the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro was nominal in 2024 as compared to 2023. 

Impact of changes in currency exchange rates Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs September 30, 2023 Translation Total gains - currency Transaction gains recognized impact of impact 2023 2024 Change rate changes 2024 vs 2023 (In millions) Impact on: Net sales - - - 5 5 Income (loss) from operations 4 5 1 9 10 The 5 million increase in net sales (translation gains) was caused primarily by a weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, as our euro-denominated sales were translated into more U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone in 2024 did not have a significant effect on our net sales, as a substantial portion of the sales generated by our Canadian and Norwegian operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 The 10 million increase in income from operations was comprised of the following: 
 Higher net currency transaction gains of approximately 1 million primarily caused by relative changes in currency exchange rates at each applicable balance sheet date between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, and between the euro and the Norwegian krone, which causes increases or decreases, as applicable, in U.S. dollar-denominated receivables and payables and U.S. dollar currency held by our non-U.S. operations, and in Norwegian krone denominated receivables and payables held by our non-U.S. operations, and 
 Approximately 9 million from net currency translation gains primarily caused by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, as local currency-denominated operating costs were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The effect of the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro was nominal in 2024 as compared to 2023. Outlook Overall customer demand has improved in 2024 compared to the historical low demand we experienced during 2023, although overall demand levels remain below historical averages and, during the third quarter of 2024, customer demand moderated as compared to the first half of the year across all major markets. We expect demand to further soften in the fourth quarter; however, based on the improved demand experienced through the first nine months, along with the severe demand contraction we experienced during most of 2023, we continue to expect sales volumes in 2024 will exceed 2023 sales volumes. We are operating our facilities at production rates in line with the current and expected near-term demand and believe our production rates for the remainder of 2024 will continue to be higher than comparable periods in 2023. We have had limited success implementing TiO 2 selling price increases, which need to continue to be realized to achieve margins more in-line with historical levels. Throughout 2023, we implemented cost reduction initiatives designed to improve our long-term cost structure, including targeted workforce reductions. In the third quarter of 2024, to further improve gross margins through the optimization of production of our purified grades, we closed our sulfate process line at our facility in Canada. Raw material, energy and other input costs have generally improved compared to 2023. While the full positive impact of input cost improvements and cost reduction efforts are not yet fully reflected in our gross margin, during the second quarter gross margin began to improve and has continued to improve as we replace higher cost inventory with lower cost inventory produced in 2024. Overall, due to improved demand, modest increases in selling prices and lower production costs, including lower unabsorbed fixed costs, we expect to report higher operating results for the full year of 2024 as compared to 2023. As noted above, we acquired full control of LPC in July 2024. We believe this acquisition is a unique opportunity to immediately add value to our customers and better serve the North American marketplace by allowing us to expand our product offerings and increase sales to new and existing customers while recognizing significant synergies, including commercial, overhead and supply chain optimization. We are in the process of fully integrating the additional LPC production capacity and we expect the acquisition will have a positive impact on our earnings, although the potential positive impact in 2024 will be limited by competitive pressures, demand moderation in North America and by the additional debt service costs associated with the increase in borrowings to complete the transaction. With the increased borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, as well as cash on hand, we are well positioned to finance the required working capital build needed to fully integrate the acquired LPC production capacity, which we expect to be complete by the end of the year. Beginning in the third quarter, we reduced our quarterly dividend rate from .19 per share to .05 per share to provide the flexibility to absorb increased debt service costs, working capital needs and capital improvements from the LPC acquisition. Our expectations for the TiO 2 industry and our operations are based on a number of factors outside our control. We have experienced global market disruptions, including high energy costs, and future impacts on our operations will depend on, among other things, future energy costs and the impact economic conditions and geopolitical events have on our operations or our customers and suppliers operations, all of which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Consolidated cash flows Operating activities Trends in cash flows as a result of our operating activities (excluding the impact of significant asset dispositions and relative changes in assets and liabilities) are generally similar to trends in our earnings. In addition to the impact of the operating, investing and financing cash flows discussed below, changes in the amount of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash we report from period to period can be impacted by changes in currency exchange rates, since a portion of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Cash provided by operating activities was 23.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to cash used of 58.9 million in the first nine months of 2023. This 82.1 million increase in the amount of cash from operating activities was primarily due to the net effect of the following: higher income from operations in 2024 of 144.6 million, cash premium of 6.0 million on the issuance of senior notes, higher amount of net cash used associated with relative changes in our inventories, receivables, payables and accruals in 2024 of 37.1 million, higher cash paid for taxes in 2024 of 21.2 million primarily due to higher earnings and the relative timing of payments, and higher cash paid for interest in 2024 of 16.0 million. 
 Changes in working capital were affected by accounts receivable and inventory changes. As shown below: Our average days sales outstanding, or DSO, increased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 primarily due to the relative changes in the timing of collections, and Our average days sales in inventory, or DSI, decreased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower relative cost of sales (as a result of lower production costs, as discussed above) compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 For comparative purposes, we have also provided comparable prior year numbers below. 

December 31, 2022 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 DSO 64 days 68 days 66 days 68 days DSI 103 days 61 days 65 days 60 days Investing activities We paid 156.8 million, net of cash acquired, for the remaining TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture interest in LPC. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Our capital expenditures of 17.2 million and 42.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, were primarily to maintain and improve the cost effectiveness of our manufacturing facilities. Financing activities During the first nine months of 2024, we paid dividends of .43 per share to stockholders aggregating 49.5 million .19, .19 and .05 per share in the first, second and third quarters of 2024, respectively) and .57 per share aggregating 65.6 million .19 per share in each of the first, second and third quarters of 2023). On October 30, 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of .05 per share, payable December 12, 2024, to stockholders of record as of November 29, 2024. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, during the first three months of 2024, we exchanged 325 million of our Kronos International, Inc. (KII) 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due September 2025 (the Old Notes for our newly issued 276.174 million 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 (the New Notes plus additional cash consideration of 52.6 million to certain eligible holders of the Old Notes and borrowed 53.7 million from Contran. In the third quarter we issued an additional 75 million principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes (as defined below) together with the Old Notes and the New Notes, the Senior Secured Notes ). See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Outstanding debt obligations At September 30, 2024, our consolidated debt comprised: 351.174 million aggregate outstanding on our 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 plus 5.4 million of unamortized premium 391.7 million carrying amount, net of unamortized debt issuance costs), 75 million aggregate outstanding on our 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due September 2025 83.9 million carrying amount), 53.7 million outstanding on our subordinated, unsecured term loan from Contran due September 2029 (the Contran Term Loan ), and 25.0 million outstanding on our Global Revolver. 
 Availability under the Global Revolver is subject to a borrowing base calculation, as defined in the agreement, and at September 30, 2024, approximately 268 million was available for borrowings. Effective July 17, 2024, we completed an amendment to our Global Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment increased the maximum borrowing amount from 225 million to 300 million, extended the maturity date to July 2029 and expanded the facility to include LPC and LPC s receivables and certain of its inventories in the borrowing base. The LPC acquisition was financed through borrowings of 132.1 million under our Global Revolver with the remainder paid with cash on hand. On July 30, 2024, our wholly-owned subsidiary, KII, issued an additional 75 million principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes ). The Additional New Notes were issued at a premium of 107.50 of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from February 12, 2024, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 90 million, after fees and estimated expenses. The Additional New Notes are fungible with the New Notes, are treated as a single series with the New Notes, and have the same terms as the New Notes, other than their date of issuance and issue price. The proceeds from the Additional New Notes were used to pay down borrowings under the Global Revolver. Subsequent to the issuance of the Additional New Notes, in August 2024, the Contran Term Loan was amended to change the interest rate from 11.5 to 9.54 . The amended rate reflects the effective interest rate of the Additional New Notes plus an additional interest rate spread of 2 which is based upon comparable debt transactions at the time of issuance of the Additional New Notes. See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Contran Term Loan is subordinated in right of payment to our Senior Secured Notes and our Global Revolver. Our Senior Secured Notes, the Contran Term Loan and our Global Revolver contain a number of covenants and restrictions which, among other things, restrict our ability to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments, or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer substantially all of our assets to, another entity, and contain other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in lending transactions of these types. Our credit agreements contain provisions which could result in the acceleration of indebtedness prior to their stated maturity for reasons other than defaults for failure to comply with typical financial or payment covenants. For example, the credit agreements allow the lender to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness upon a change of control (as defined in the agreement) of the borrower. In addition, the credit agreements could result in the acceleration of all or a portion of the indebtedness following a sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business. The terms of all of our debt instruments are discussed in Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Annual Report. We are in compliance with all of our debt covenants at September 30, 2024. We believe we will be able to continue to comply with the financial covenants contained in our credit facility through its maturity. Our assets consist primarily of investments in operating subsidiaries, and our ability to service our obligations, including the Senior Secured Notes and the Contran Term Loan, depends in part upon the distribution of earnings of our subsidiaries, whether in the form of dividends, advances or payments on account of intercompany obligations or otherwise. Our Senior Secured Notes are collateralized by, among other things, a first priority lien on (i) 100 of the common stock or other ownership interests of each existing 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 and future direct domestic subsidiary of KII and the guarantors, and (ii) 65 of the voting common stock or other ownership interests and 100 of the non-voting common stock or other ownership interests of each non-U.S. subsidiary that is directly owned by KII or any guarantor. Our Global Revolver is collateralized by, among other things, a first priority lien on the borrower s trade receivables and inventories. See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Future cash requirements Liquidity Our primary source of liquidity on an ongoing basis is cash flows from operating activities which is generally used to (i) fund capital expenditures, (ii) repay any short-term indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) provide for the payment of dividends and (iv) fund purchases of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. From time-to-time we will incur indebtedness, generally to (i) fund short-term working capital needs, (ii) refinance existing indebtedness or (iii) fund major capital expenditures or the acquisition of other assets outside the ordinary course of business. We will also from time-to-time sell assets outside the ordinary course of business and use the proceeds to (i) repay existing indebtedness, (ii) make investments in marketable and other securities, (iii) fund major capital expenditures or the acquisition of other assets outside the ordinary course of business or (iv) pay dividends. The TiO 2 industry is cyclical, and changes in industry economic conditions significantly impact earnings and operating cash flows. Changes in TiO 2 pricing, production volumes and customer demand, among other things, could significantly affect our liquidity. We routinely evaluate our liquidity requirements, alternative uses of capital, capital needs and availability of resources in view of, among other things, our dividend policy, our debt service, our capital expenditure requirements and estimated future operating cash flows. As a result of this process, we have in the past and may in the future seek to reduce, refinance, repurchase or restructure indebtedness, raise additional capital, repurchase shares of our common stock, modify our dividend policy, restructure ownership interests, sell interests in our subsidiaries or other assets, or take a combination of these steps or other steps to manage our liquidity and capital resources. Such activities have in the past and may in the future involve related companies. We may also from time to time engage in preliminary discussions with existing or potential investors regarding the timing or terms of any such refinancing or other potential transaction. In the normal course of our business, we may investigate, evaluate, discuss and engage in acquisition, joint venture, strategic relationship and other business combination opportunities in the TiO 2 industry. In the event of any future acquisition or joint venture opportunity, we may consider using then-available liquidity, issuing our equity securities or incurring additional indebtedness. At September 30, 2024, we had aggregate cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on hand of 102.9 million, of which 65.3 million was held by non-U.S. subsidiaries. Following implementation of a territorial tax system under the 2017 Tax Act, repatriation of any cash and cash equivalents held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries would not be expected to result in any material income tax liability as a result of such repatriation. As amended, our Global Revolver matures in July 2029, and at September 30, 2024 approximately 268 million is available for borrowing under this facility. The borrowing base is calculated quarterly and the amount available for borrowing may change based on applicable quarter end balances. See Note 5 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Based upon our expectation for the TiO 2 industry and anticipated demands on cash resources, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our short-term obligations (defined as the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2025) and our long-term obligations (defined as the five-year period ending September 30, 2029, our time period for long-term budgeting). If actual developments differ from our expectations, our liquidity could be adversely affected. Capital expenditures We intend to invest approximately 42 million in capital expenditures primarily to maintain and improve our existing facilities during 2024, including 17.2 million in expenditures through September 30, 2024. It is possible we will delay planned capital projects based on market conditions including but not limited to expected demand, the general availability of materials, equipment and supplies necessary to complete such projects. Stock repurchase program At September 30, 2024, we have 1,017,518 shares available for repurchase under a stock repurchase program authorized by our board of directors. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Commitments and contingencies See Notes 10, 12 and 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of certain income tax contingencies, certain legal proceedings and other commitments. Recent accounting pronouncements See Note 15 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Critical accounting policies For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, refer to Part I, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report. There have been no changes in our critical accounting policies during the first nine months of 2024 except as described below: Business combinations - During the third quarter of 2024, we acquired the 50 joint venture interest in LPC previously held by Venator. Prior to the acquisition we accounted for our interest in LPC under the equity method. The application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires us to use significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Our estimates of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based upon assumptions we believe are reasonable, and when appropriate, include assistance from independent third-party valuation advisors. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK General We are exposed to market risk, including currency exchange rates, interest rates, equity security and raw material prices. There have been no material changes in these market risks since we filed our 2023 Annual Report. See also Part I, Item 7A. - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk in our 2023 Annual Report and Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures which, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit to the SEC under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Each of James M. Buch, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Tim C. Hafer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of such evaluation. Internal control over financial reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting which, as defined by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of an unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other As permitted by the SEC, our assessment of internal control over financial reporting excludes (i) internal control over financial reporting of our equity method investees and (ii) internal control over the preparation of any financial statement schedules which would be required by Article 12 of Regulation S-X. However, our assessment of internal control over financial reporting with respect to our equity method investees did include our controls over the recording of amounts related to our investment that are recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, including controls over the selection of accounting methods for our investments, the recognition of equity method earnings and losses and the determination, valuation and recording of our investment account balances. Changes in internal control over financial reporting There has been no change to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the risk factor discussed below, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our 2023 Annual Report for a discussion of the risk factors related to our businesses. Our recent acquisition of the remaining 50 interest in LPC may not generate benefits we anticipate and may otherwise affect our business and prospects. We recently completed the LPC Acquisition in which we purchased the 50 ownership interest in LPC we did not previously own. If we experience unforeseen technological, operational or other difficulties in managing the integration of LPC as our wholly-owned subsidiary, we may not be able to implement the process innovations at the facility as we expect. In addition, we may not be able to achieve the synergies or improve efficiency and product quality as we expect. With or without such difficulties, the integration of the LPC facility into our operations may divert significant management time and attention from our other operations. If we fail to successfully integrate LPC into our operations, or if the LPC Acquisition does not return expected synergies or a level of sales as we expect, or if LPC has unexpected legal or financial liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits 

10.1 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of August 8, 2024, among Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC (as new guarantors under the Indenture dated as of September 13, 2017, as amended), Kronos International, Inc., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, collateral agent, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar. 10.2 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2024, among Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC (as new guarantors under the Indenture dated as of February 12, 2024, as amended), Kronos International, Inc., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, collateral agent, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar. 10.3 Joinder No. 1 dated as of August 8, 2024, to the Pledge Agreement dated as of September 13, 2017, joining Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC to the Pledge Agreement. 10.4 Pledge Amendment dated as of August 8, 2024, to the Pledge Agreement dated as of September 13, 2017, executed by Kronos Louisiana, Inc. and Kronos LPC, LLC regarding additional pledged securities. 10.5 First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement, entered into as of July 17, 2024, by and among Kronos Worldwide, Inc., Kronos Louisiana, Inc., Kronos (US), Inc., Kronos International, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent and lender, amending Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021. 10.6 Joinder No. 1 dated as of August 7, 2024, joining Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC to the Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021, as amended. 10.7 Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 13, 2024, by and between Kronos Louisiana, Inc., Kronos Worldwide, Inc., Venator Investments, Ltd., Venator Materials PLC. and Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P, amending Purchase Agreement dated as of July 16, 2024. 31.1 Certification 31.2 Certification 32.1 Certification 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Tim C. Hafer Tim C. Hafer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (duly authorized officer) 

 38 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 kro-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 138006043v.3 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 2 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 2 (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of August 8, 2024, among the new guarantors named in the signature pages hereto (the Guarantors ), Kronos International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer ), and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the Trustee under the Indenture dated as of September 13, 2017 (the Base Indenture ), as heretofore amended and restated by Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of February 12, 2024 Supplemental Indenture No. 1 among the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as registrar (the Base Indenture as amended and restated by Supplemental Indenture No. 1, and as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Indenture ). W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS the Issuer has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee the Indenture, providing initially for the issuance of 400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Notes WHEREAS pursuant the Exchange Offer 325,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes were exchanged for the 276,174,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuer s 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 and certain cash consideration, leaving 75,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding; WHEREAS Sections 4.11 and 10.07 of the Indenture provide that under certain circumstances the Issuer is required to cause the Guarantors to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guarantors shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to a Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee and the Issuer are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guarantors, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows: 1. Defined Terms . As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recital hereto are used herein as therein defined, except that the term Holders in this Guarantee shall refer to the term Holders as defined in the Indenture and the Trustee acting on behalf of and for the benefit of such Holders. The words herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 2. Guarantee . The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally with all existing Guarantors (if any), irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, 
 1 

including, but not limited to, Article Ten of the Indenture, and to be bound by all other applicable provisions of the Indenture and the Notes and to perform all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. 3. Releases . A Guarantee as to any Guarantor shall terminate and be of no further force or effect and such Guarantor shall be deemed to be released from all obligations as provided in Section 10.03 of the Indenture. 4. Notices . All notices or other communications to the Guarantors shall be given as provided in Section 13.01 of the Indenture. 5. Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended and supplemented hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 6. No Recourse Against Others . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, manager, incorporator, agent or holder of any Equity Interests in Parent or its Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 7. Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE NEW GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 8. Trustee Makes No Representation . The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. 9. Multiple Originals . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. One signed copy is enough to prove this Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or email (in PDF format or otherwise) shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or email (in PDF format or otherwise) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 10. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction thereof. 
 2 

11. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals and statements are made solely by the Guarantors. 12. Successors . All agreements of the Guarantors in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in the Indenture shall bind its successors. 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. LOUISIANA PIGMENT COMPANY, L.P. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer KRONOS LPC, LLC By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, as Trustee and Collateral Agent By: /s/ Irina Golovashchuk Name: Irina Golovashchuk Title: Vice President By: /s/ Carol Ng Name: Carol Ng Title: Vice President ISSUER KRONOS INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 [Signature Page of Supplemental Indenture No. 2 (2017 Indenture)] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 kro-20240930xex10d2.htm
 EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 138005002v.2 

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of August 8, 2024, among the new guarantors named in the signature pages hereto (the Guarantors ), Kronos International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer ), and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the Trustee under the Indenture dated as of February 12, 2024 (the Base Indenture ), as heretofore supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 30, 2024 First Supplemental Indenture ), among the Issuer, the guarantors party thereto, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as registrar (the Base Indenture as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, and as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Indenture ). W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS the Issuer has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee the Indenture, providing initially for the issuance of 276,174,000 aggregate principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Initial Notes ), and the issuance of 75,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional Notes and collectively with the Initial Notes, the Notes WHEREAS Sections 4.11 and 10.07 of the Indenture provide that under certain circumstances the Issuer is required to cause the Guarantors to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guarantors shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to a Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee and the Issuer are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders of the Notes; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guarantors, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows: 1. Defined Terms . As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recital hereto are used herein as therein defined, except that the term Holders in this Guarantee shall refer to the term Holders as defined in the Indenture and the Trustee acting on behalf of and for the benefit of such Holders. The words herein, hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 2. Guarantee . The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally with all existing Guarantors (if any), irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, including, but not limited to, Article Ten of the Indenture, and to be bound by all other applicable provisions of the Indenture and the Notes and to perform all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. 
 1 

3. Releases . A Guarantee as to any Guarantor shall terminate and be of no further force or effect and such Guarantor shall be deemed to be released from all obligations as provided in Section 10.03 of the Indenture. 4. Notices . All notices or other communications to the Guarantors shall be given as provided in Section 13.01 of the Indenture. 5. Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended and supplemented hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 6. No Recourse Against Others . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, manager, incorporator, agent or holder of any Equity Interests in Parent or its Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 7. Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE NEW GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 8. Multiple Originals . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. One signed copy is enough to prove this Supplemental Indenture. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or email (in PDF format or otherwise) shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or email (in PDF format or otherwise) shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 9. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction thereof. 10. The Trustee . The Trustee makes no representation as to, and shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals or statements contained herein, all of which recitals and statements are made solely by the Guarantors. 
 2 

11. Successors . All agreements of the Guarantors in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in the Indenture shall bind its successors. [ Signature Pages Follow ] 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written. LOUISIANA PIGMENT COMPANY, L.P. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer KRONOS LPC, LLC By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, as Trustee and Collateral Agent By: /s/ Irina Golovashchuk Name: Irina Golovashchuk Title: Vice President By: /s/ Carol Ng Name: Carol Ng Title: Vice President ISSUER KRONOS INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 [Signature Page of Second Supplemental Indenture (2024 Indenture)] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 kro-20240930xex10d3.htm
 EX-10.3

Certain information identified by [ ] has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and is the type that the company treats as private or confidential. Exhibit 10.3 JOINDER Joinder No. 1 (this Joinder ), dated as of August 8, 2024, to the Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2017 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, including without limitation by the Additional Notes Priority Joinder Agreement dated February 12, 2024 and the Additional Notes Priority Joinder Agreement dated July 30, 2024 relating to Additional Obligations issued by the Issuer, the Pledge Agreement ), by and among each of the parties listed on the signature pages thereto and those additional entities that thereafter become parties thereto (collectively, jointly and severally, Grantors and each, individually, a Grantor and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS , in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Grantors have entered into the Pledge Agreement in order to induce the Holders to purchase the Notes and the Additional Obligations; WHEREAS, initially capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Pledge Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Indenture, and this Joinder shall be subject to the rules of construction set forth in Section 1(b) of the Pledge Agreement, which rules of construction are incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis mutandis ; and WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 4.11 of the Indenture and Section 26 of the Pledge Agreement, certain Subsidiaries of Parent, must execute and deliver a joinder to the Pledge Agreement under certain circumstances, and the joinder to the Pledge Agreement by the undersigned new Grantor or Grantors (collectively, the New Grantors may be accomplished by the execution of this Joinder in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each New Grantor hereby agrees as follows: 1. In accordance with Section 26 of the Pledge Agreement, each New Grantor, by its signature below, becomes a Guarantor and a Grantor under the Pledge Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and a Grantor and each New Grantor hereby (a) agrees to all of the terms and provisions of the Pledge Agreement applicable to it as a Guarantor and a Grantor thereunder and (b) represents and warrants that the representations and warranties made by it as a Guarantor or as a Grantor thereunder are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that are already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, each New Grantor hereby 

 unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations, a continuing security interest in and to all of such New Grantor s right, title and interest in and to the Notes Collateral. Each reference to a Guarantor and a Grantor in the Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to include each New Grantor. The Pledge Agreement is incorporated herein by reference. 2. Schedule 1 , Name; Chief Executive Office; Tax Identification Numbers and Organizational Numbers, Schedule 2 , List of Uniform Commercial UCC Filing Jurisdictions and Schedule 3 , Pledged Securities attached hereto supplement Schedule 1, Schedule 2 and Schedule 3, respectively, to the Pledge Agreement and shall be deemed a part thereof for all purposes of the Pledge Agreement. 3. Each New Grantor authorizes Agent at any time and from time to time to file, transmit, or communicate, as applicable, financing statements and amendments thereto (i) describing the Notes Collateral by any description which reasonably approximates the description contained in the Pledge Agreement or (ii) that contain any information required by part 5 of Article 9 of the UCC for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance. Each New Grantor also hereby ratifies any and all financing statements or amendments previously filed by Agent in any jurisdiction in connection with Security Documents. 4. Each New Grantor represents and warrants to Agent and the other Secured Parties, that this Joinder has been duly executed and delivered by such New Grantor and constitutes its legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 5. This Joinder may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Joinder. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Joinder by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Joinder. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Joinder by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Joinder but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Joinder. 6. The Pledge Agreement, as supplemented hereby, shall remain in full force and effect. 7. THIS JOINDER SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE SET FORTH IN SECTION 25 THE PLEDGE AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS . [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Joinder to the Pledge Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. NEW GRANTORS: LOUISIANA PIGMENT COMPANY, L.P. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer KRONOS LPC, LLC By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer AGENT: DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS By: /s/ Irina Golovashchuk Name: Irina Golovashchuk Title: Vice President By: /s/ Carol Ng Name: Carol Ng Title: Vice President 
 [Signature Page to Joinder] 

SCHEDULE 3 PLEDGED SECURITIES ISSUER Holder CLASS OF STOCK OR INTERESTS PAR VALUE CERTIFICATE NO(S). NUMBER OF SHARES OR INTERESTS PLEDGED PERCENTAGE OF ALL ISSUED CAPITAL OR OTHER EQUITY INTERESTS OF ISSUER Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos Louisiana, Inc. General Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 50 Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos Louisiana, Inc. Limited Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 49 Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos LPC, LLC Limited Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 1 Kronos LPC, LLC Kronos Louisiana, Inc. Membership Interest No [ ] [ ] 100 
 
 4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 kro-20240930xex10d4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 Certain information identified by [ ] has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and is the type that the company treats as private or confidential. 138005477v.3 

PLEDGE AMENDMENT This Pledge Amendment, dated as of August 8, 2024, is delivered pursuant to Section 9(a) of the Pledge Agreement (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Pledge Agreement ; capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Pledge Agreement), dated as of September 13, 2017, by and among each of the parties listed on the signature pages thereto and those additional entities that thereafter become parties thereto (collectively, jointly and severally, Grantors and each, individually, a Grantor and DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, in its capacity as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ). The undersigned hereby agrees that this Pledge Amendment may be attached to the Pledge Agreement and that the Pledged Securities listed on this Pledge Amendment shall be deemed to be and shall become part of the Notes Collateral and shall secure all Secured Obligations. PLEDGED SECURITIES ISSUER HOLDER CLASS OF STOCK OR INTERESTS PAR VALUE CERTIFICATE NO(S). NUMBER OF SHARES OR INTERESTS PERCENTAGE OF ALL ISSUED CAPITAL OR OTHER EQUITY INTERESTS OF ISSUER Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos Louisiana, Inc. General Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 50 Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos Louisiana, Inc. Limited Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 49 Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. Kronos LPC, LLC Limited Partnership Interests No [ ] [ ] 1 Kronos LPC, LLC Kronos Louisiana, Inc. Membership Interests No [ ] [ ] 100 

KRONOS LOUISIANA, INC., as Grantor By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer KRONOS LPC, LLC as Grantor By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, as Agent By: /s/ Irina Golovashchuk Name: Irina Golovashchuk Title: Vice President By: /s/ Carol Ng Name: Carol Ng Title: Vice President 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO PLEDGE AMENDMENT] 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 kro-20240930xex10d5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 FIRST AMENDMENT TO GUARANTY AND SECURITY AGREEMENT This First Amendment to the Guaranty and Security Agreement (this Amendment is entered into as of July 17, 2024, by and among WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association Wells Fargo in its capacity as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ), KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. , a Delaware corporation Worldwide ), KRONOS LOUISIANA, INC. , a Delaware corporation Kronos Louisiana ), KRONOS (US), INC. , a Delaware corporation Kronos US ), and KRONOS INTERNATIONAL, INC. , a Delaware corporation KII together with Worldwide, Kronos Louisiana and Kronos US, collectively, Grantors and each, a Grantor ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement by and among Worldwide, Kronos Louisiana, Kronos US (together with Worldwide and Kronos Louisiana, each individually a US Borrower , and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, the US Borrowers ), Kronos Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation Canadian Borrower ), Kronos Europe NV, a public limited company naamloze vennootschap ( Belgian Borrower ), KRONOS TITAN GmbH, a limited liability company Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung ( German Borrower together with US Borrowers, Canadian Borrower and Belgian Borrower, are referred to hereinafter each individually as a Borrower , and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, as Borrowers ), the lenders party thereto as Lenders (each of such Lenders, together with its successors and assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a Lender and Agent, the Lender Group has agreed to make certain financial accommodations available to Borrowers from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof; WHEREAS, Grantors entered into that certain Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021 by and among Grantors and Agent (the Guaranty and Security Agreement in order to induce the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers to make certain financial accommodations to Borrowers as provided for in the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Bank Product Agreements; WHEREAS, initially capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement, and this Joinder shall be subject to the rules of construction set forth in Section 1(b) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, which rules of construction are incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis mutandis ; WHEREAS, Grantors and Agent have agreed to amend the Guaranty and Security Agreement in certain respects as set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 1. Agent and each Grantor hereby agree that the Guaranty and Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) The definition of Cash Dominion Event set forth in Section 1(a)(vii) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 (vii) Cash Dominion Event means the occurrence of either of the following: (A) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (B) Excess Availability is less than the greater of (x) 12.5 of the Line Cap, and (y) 33,000,000 for three (3) consecutive days. (b) The definition of Cash Dominion Period set forth in Section 1(a)(viii) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 (viii) Cash Dominion Period means the period commencing after the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event and continuing until the date when (A) no Event of Default shall exist and be continuing, and (B) Excess Availability is greater than the greater of (x) 12.5 of the Line Cap, and (y) 33,000,000 for 30 consecutive days. (c) The definition of Guarantied Obligations set forth in Section 1(a)(xxviii) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 (xxviii) Guarantied Obligations means all Obligations (including any Bank Product Obligations) now or hereafter existing, whether for principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), fees (including the fees provided for in the Fee Letter), Lender Group Expenses (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), or otherwise, and any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider (or any of them) in enforcing any rights under the any of the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Guarantied Obligations shall include all amounts that constitute part of the Guarantied Obligations and would be owed by any Borrower to Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable, including due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization, other Insolvency Proceeding or similar proceeding involving any Borrower or any Guarantor; provided that, anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing notwithstanding, the Guarantied Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation. (d) The definition of Secured Obligations set forth in Section 1(a)(xliii) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
 (xxviii) Secured Obligations means each and all of the following: (A) all of the present and future obligations of each of the Grantors arising from, or owing under or pursuant to, this Agreement (including the Guaranty), the Credit Agreement, or any of the other Loan Documents, (B) all Bank Product Obligations, and (C) all other Obligations of each Borrower and 
 2 

all other Guarantied Obligations of each Guarantor (including, in the case of each of clauses (A), (B) and (C), Lender Group Expenses and any interest, fees, or expenses that accrue after the filing of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any Insolvency Proceeding); provided that, anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing notwithstanding, the Secured Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation . (e) Sections 2(a), 2(d) and 2(i)(iii) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement are hereby amended by removing the parenthetical (other than Canadian Borrower) therefrom in its entirety each time it appears therein.
 2. This Amendment is a Loan Document. This Amendment may be executed by means of (a) an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other relevant and applicable electronic signatures law; (b) an original manual signature; or (c) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept, deny, or condition acceptance of any electronic signature on this Amendment. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment will be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.
 3. Except as expressly supplemented or amended hereby, nothing in this Amendment shall constitute a modification or alteration of the terms, conditions or covenants of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or a waiver of any terms or provisions thereof, and the Guaranty and Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 4. THIS AMENDMENT S HALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23 OF THE GUARANTY AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS .
 
 [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Grantor and Agent have duly executed this First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement as of the day and year first above written. GRANTORS: KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 KRONOS LOUISIANA, INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 KRONOS (US), INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 KRONOS INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement 

AGENT: WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association By: /s/ Jake Elliott Name: Jake Elliott Its Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 kro-20240930xex10d6.htm
 EX-10.6

138087025v.3 

Exhibit 10.6 Execution Version 138087025v.4 

JOINDER NO. 1 Joinder No. 1 (this Joinder ), dated as of August 7, 2024, to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement dated July 17, 2024, and as further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guaranty and Security Agreement ), by and among each of the parties listed on the signature pages thereto and those additional entities that thereafter become parties thereto (collectively, jointly and severally, Grantors and each, individually, a Grantor and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association Wells Fargo ), in its capacity as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 8, 2023 and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including by that Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 17, 2024 , the Credit Agreement by and among Kronos Worldwide, Inc., a Delaware corporation Worldwide ), Kronos Louisiana, Inc., a Delaware corporation Kronos Louisiana ), Kronos (US), Inc., a Delaware corporation Kronos US together with Worldwide and Kronos Louisiana, are referred to hereinafter each individually as a US Borrower , and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, as the US Borrowers ), Kronos Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation Canadian Borrower ), Kronos Europe NV, a limited liability company naamloze vennootschap ( Belgian Borrower ), KRONOS TITAN GmbH, a limited liability company Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung ( German Borrower together with US Borrowers, Canadian Borrower and Belgian Borrower, are referred to hereinafter each individually as a Borrower , and individually and collectively, jointly and severally, as Borrowers ), the lenders party thereto as Lenders (each of such Lenders, together with its successors and assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a Lender and Agent, the Lender Group has agreed to make certain financial accommodations available to Borrowers from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof; WHEREAS, initially capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Guaranty and Security Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Credit Agreement, and this Joinder shall be subject to the rules of construction set forth in Section 1(b) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, which rules of construction are incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis mutandis ; WHEREAS, Grantors have entered into the Guaranty and Security Agreement in order to induce the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers to make certain financial accommodations to Borrowers as provided for in the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Bank Product Agreements; WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.11 of the Credit Agreement and Section 24 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, certain Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties, must execute and deliver certain Loan Documents, including the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and the joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement by the undersigned new Grantors (collectively, the New Grantors and each individually a Grantor may be accomplished by the execution of this Joinder in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers; and WHEREAS, each New Grantor (a) is a Subsidiary of a Borrower and, as such, will benefit by virtue of the financial accommodations extended to Borrowers by the Lender Group or the Bank Product Providers and (b) by becoming a Grantor will benefit from certain rights granted to the Grantors pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents and the Bank Product Agreements. 

 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each New Grantor hereby agrees as follows: 1. In accordance with Section 24 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, each New Grantor, by its signature below, becomes a Grantor and Guarantor under the Guaranty and Security Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Grantor and Guarantor and each New Grantor hereby (a) agrees to all of the terms and provisions of the Guaranty and Security Agreement applicable to it as a Grantor or Guarantor thereunder and (b) represents and warrants that the representations and warranties made by it as a Grantor or Guarantor thereunder are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that are already qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, each New Grantor hereby (i) jointly and severally unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety the full and prompt payment when due, whether upon maturity, acceleration, or otherwise, of all of the Guarantied Obligations, and (ii) ]unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers, to secure the Secured Obligations, a continuing security interest in and to all of such New Grantor s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined in Section 3 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement). Each reference to a Grantor or Guarantor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement shall be deemed to include each New Grantor. The Guaranty and Security Agreement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. Schedule 1 , Name; Chief Executive Office; Tax Identification Numbers and Organizational Numbers, Schedule 2 , Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts , Schedule 3 , Controlled Account Banks , and Schedule 4 , List of Uniform Commercial Code Filing Jurisdictions attached hereto supplement Schedule 1, Schedule 2, Schedule 3, and Schedule 4 respectively, to the Guaranty and Security Agreement and shall be deemed a part thereof for all purposes of the Guaranty and Security Agreement.
 3. Each New Grantor authorizes Agent at any time and from time to time to file, transmit, or communicate, as applicable, financing statements and amendments thereto (a) describing the Collateral by any description which reasonably approximates the description contained in the Guaranty and Security Agreement, (b) describing the Collateral as being of equal or lesser scope or with greater detail, or (c) that contain any information required by part 5 of Article 9 of the Code for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance. Each New Grantor also hereby ratifies any and all financing statements or amendments previously filed by Agent in any jurisdiction in connection with the Loan Documents.
 4. Each New Grantor represents and warrants to Agent, the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers that this Joinder has been duly executed and delivered by such New Grantor and constitutes its legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium, or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
 5. This Joinder is a Loan Document. This Joinder may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Joinder. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Joinder by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Joinder. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Joinder by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver 

an original executed counterpart of this Joinder but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Joinder. 
 6. The Guaranty and Security Agreement, as supplemented hereby, shall remain in full force and effect.
 7. THIS JOINDER SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE, JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AND JUDICIAL REFERENCE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23 OF THE GUARANTY AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS .
 
 [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. NEW GRANTORS: LOUISIANA PIGMENT COMPANY, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer KRONOS LPC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Tim C. Hafer Name: Tim C. Hafer Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer AGENT: WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association By: /s/ Jake Elliot Name: Jake Elliot Title: Authorized Signatory 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 kro-20240930xex10d7.htm
 EX-10.7

Exhibit 10.7 
 AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT This Amendment (this Amendment to the Purchase Agreement (defined below) is made effective as of 13/8/2024 (the Effective Date ), by and between Kronos Louisiana, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Kronos Partner ), Kronos Worldwide, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware Kronos Parent and together with Kronos Partner, Kronos ), Venator Investments Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands Venator Partner and together with Kronos Partner, the Partners ), Venator Materials PLC, a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales Venator Parent and together with Venator Partner, Venator and Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P., a limited partnership organized under the laws of Delaware (the Joint Venture ). Kronos Partner, Kronos Parent, Venator Partner, Venator Parent and the Joint Venture may each be individually referred to as a Party and collectively referred to as the Parties . RECITALS WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase Agreement on July 16, 2024; WHEREAS, the Parties have determined to amend the Purchase Agreement in accordance with Section 6.10 of the Purchase Agreement as set forth herein; WHEREAS, Venator has requested that the Joint Venture deliver certain Venator Packaging to Venator Partner as soon as practicable after the date of this Amendment; and WHEREAS, Kronos has agreed to cause the Joint Venture to deliver certain Venator Packaging to Venator Partner as soon as practicable after the date of this Amendment; WHEREAS, Venator has agreed that Kronos be compensated for the cost of such Venator Packaging in the amount of 23,000; and NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Parties agree as follows: Article I AMENDMENT
 Section 1.01 Definitions . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement.
 Section 1.02 Amendment of Section 2.3(b) . Section 2.3(b) is hereby amended to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as follows:
 The post-closing adjustment shall be an amount equal to (i) the Final Consideration minus (ii) the Closing Consideration , (iii) minus 23,000 (the 

Post-Closing Adjustment ). If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a positive number, Kronos Partner shall pay to Venator Partner an amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment. If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a negative number, Venator Partner shall pay to Kronos Partner an amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment. Section 1.03 Delivery of Venator Packaging . As soon as practicable following the date of this Amendment, Kronos shall cause the Joint Venture to make available for collection by Venator (or its nominee) 50,000 Venator-branded AA (paper with a capacity of 25kg and Joint Venture reference PO775TT) bags. 
 Section 1.04 Subject to the Purchase Agreement . Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, nothing in this Amendment shall, or shall be deemed or construed to, supersede, amend, alter, modify, limit or waive any of the terms or provisions of the Purchase Agreement in any manner whatsoever and the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and be enforceable against the parties thereto in accordance with its terms and provisions. Each reference to hereof, herein, hereby, and this Agreement in the Purchase Agreement will from and after the entry into this Amendment refer to the Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Amendment, the date of the Purchase Agreement, as amended hereby, will in all instances remain as July 16, 2024, and any references in the Purchase Agreement to the date of this Agreement, the date hereof, the date first written above, and similar references will continue to refer to July 16, 2024.
 Article II Miscellaneous
 Section 2.01 Miscellaneous . The terms and provisions of Section 6.2through 6.18 of the Purchase Agreement shall apply to this Amendment, mutatis mutandis .
 (Signature Pages Follow) 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Amendment effective as of the Effective Date. KRONOS LOUISIANA, INC. By: /s/ Brian W. Christian Name: Brian W. Christian Title: Executive Vice President and COO KRONOS WORLDWIDE, INC. By: /s/ Brian W. Christian Name: Brian W. Christian Title: Executive Vice President and COO 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment to Purchase Agreement ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Amendment effective as of the Effective Date. VENATOR INVESTMENTS LTD. 

By: /s/ Bertrand Maurice Andre Defoort Name: Bertrand Maurice Andre Defoort Title: Authorized Signatory VENATOR MATERIALS PLC 

By: /s/ Alex Paterson Name: Alex Paterson Title: Authorized Signatory 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment to Purchase Agreement ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Amendment effective as of the Effective Date. LOUISIANA PIGMENT COMPANY, L.P. KRONOS LOUISIANA, INC., its general partner By: /s/ Brian W. Christian Name: Brian W. Christian Title: Executive Vice President and COO 
 [ Signature Page to Amendment to Purchase Agreement ] 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 kro-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, James M. Buch, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kronos Worldwide, Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 6, 2024 

 /s/ James M. Buch James M. Buch Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 kro-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Tim C. Hafer, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kronos Worldwide, Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Tim C. Hafer Tim C. Hafer Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 kro-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James M. Buch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Tim C. Hafer, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ James M. Buch James M. Buch Chief Executive Officer /s/ Tim C. Hafer Tim C. Hafer Chief Financial Officer 
 November 6, 2024 Note: The certification the registrant furnishes in this exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. Registration Statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall not incorporate this exhibit by reference, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 kro-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 kro-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 kro-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 kro-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 kro-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

