<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1705012_0001628280-24-044611.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7446605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89483</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1411295</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2325383</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1882454</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1619869</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044611.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031172521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044611
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fat Brands, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001705012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				821302696
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1226

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38250
		FILM NUMBER:		241416276

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9720 WILSHIRE BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-406-0600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9720 WILSHIRE BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044611.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 fat-20240929.htm
 10-Q

fat-20240929 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes o x 
 As of October 28, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 FAT BRANDS INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 September 29, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 
 FAT Brands Inc. and Subsidiaries: 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 29 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 
 SIGNATURE 
 31 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FAT BRANDS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Audited Assets Current assets Cash Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory Assets classified as held-for-sale Other current assets Total current assets Non-current restricted cash Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Property and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred income, current portion Accrued advertising Accrued interest payable Dividend payable on preferred shares Liabilities related to assets classified as held-for-sale Operating lease liability, current portion Redeemable preferred stock Long-term debt, current portion Acquisition purchase price payable Total current liabilities Deferred income, net of current portion Deferred income tax liabilities, net Operating lease liability, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 29, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023; liquidation preference per share 
 Class A common stock and Class B common stock and additional paid-in capital as of September 29, 2024: par value per share; shares authorized (Class A , Class B ); shares issued and outstanding (Class A , Class B ). Common stock and additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2023: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (Class A , Class B 
 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 FAT BRANDS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Revenue Royalties Restaurant sales Advertising fees Factory revenues Franchise fees Other revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses General and administrative expense Cost of restaurant and factory revenues Depreciation and amortization Refranchising loss Advertising fees Total costs and expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) Other (expense) income, net Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense related to preferred shares ) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Dividends on preferred shares ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted loss per common share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Cash dividends declared per common share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 FAT BRANDS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Class A Shares Class B Shares Class A Par Value Class B Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Preferred Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common and preferred stock Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on Series B preferred stock ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 24, 2023 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Class A Shares Class B Shares Class A Par Value Class B Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Preferred Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at December 25, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common and preferred stock Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on Series B preferred stock ) ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 For the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Class A Shares Class B Shares Class A Par Value Class B Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Preferred Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common and preferred stock Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on Series B preferred stock ) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 For the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 24, 2023 
 Common Stock Preferred Stock Class A Shares Class B Shares Class A Par Value Class B Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Common Stock Shares Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Total Preferred Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at June 25, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common and preferred stock Share-based compensation Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on Series B preferred stock ) ) ) Balance at September 24, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 FAT BRANDS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Accretion of loan fees and interest Loss on disposal of fixed assets Net (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) Provision for bad debts ) Change in: Accounts receivable Inventory Other current and noncurrent assets ) ) Operating lease assets and liabilities Deferred income ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Accrued advertising ) ) Accrued interest payable Other current and noncurrent liabilities ) ) Total adjustments Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Payments received on notes receivable Payment of acquisition purchase price payable ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings, net of issuance costs Repayments of borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common and preferred shares Dividends paid on common shares ) ) Dividends paid on preferred shares ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash and restricted cash at end of the period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 restaurant brands: Round Table Pizza, Fatburger, Marble Slab Creamery, Johnny Rockets, Fazoli's, Twin Peaks, Smokey Bones , Great American Cookies, Hot Dog on a Stick, Buffalo s Cafe Express, Hurricane Grill Wings, Pretzelmaker, Elevation Burger, Native Grill Wings, Yalla Mediterranean and Ponderosa and Bonanza Steakhouses . As of September 29, 2024, the Company had approximately locations open and under construction, of which approximately were franchised. 
 Each franchising subsidiary licenses the right to use its brand name and provides franchisees with operating procedures and methods of merchandising. Upon signing a franchise agreement, the franchisor is committed to provide training, some supervision and assistance and access to operations manuals. As needed, the franchisor will also provide advice and written materials concerning techniques of managing and operating the restaurants. 
 The Company's operations have historically been comprised primarily of franchising a growing portfolio of restaurant brands. This growth strategy is centered on expanding the footprint of existing brands and acquiring new brands through a centralized management organization which provides substantially all executive leadership, marketing, training and accounting services. As part of these ongoing franchising efforts, the Company will, from time to time, make opportunistic acquisitions of operating restaurants and may convert them to franchise locations. During the refranchising period the Company may operate the restaurants and classifies the operational activities as refranchising gains or losses and the assets and associated liabilities as held-for sale. Through recent acquisitions, the Company also operates "company-owned" restaurant locations of certain brands. 
 Liquidity 
 The Company recognized loss from operations of million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and income from operations of million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The Company has a history of net losses and an accumulated deficit of million as of September 29, 2024. Additionally, the Company had negative working capital of million. Of this amount, million represents redeemable preferred stock as discussed in Note 10. Since the Company did not deliver the applicable cash proceeds at the related due dates, the amount accrues interest until the payments are completed. The Company had million of unrestricted cash at September 29, 2024 and plans on the combination of cash flows from operations, cash on hand, million of issued but not sold aggregate principal amount of fixed rate secured notes and million aggregate principal amount of repurchased but not re-sold fixed rate secured notes (see Note 9) to be sufficient to cover any working capital requirements for the next twelve months from the date of this report. If the Company does not achieve its operating plan, additional forms of financing may be required through the issuance of debt or equity. Although management believes it will have access to financing, no assurances can be given that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 sales channels, franchised restaurants and company-owned locations, which we operate as reportable segment. 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the Company, all adjustments considered necessary for the fair presentation of the Company s results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the periods presented have been included and are of a normal, recurring nature. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 12, 2024. 

9 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, of ERCs recorded within general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, the Company received and recognized million and million, respectively, of ERCs recorded within general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE 3. 
 million after final working capital adjustments. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance Inventory Prepaids and other current assets Other intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Property and equipment, net Below market leases Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liability, current portion ) Operating lease liability, net of current portion ) Other liabilities ) Total net identifiable assets 
 The identifiable intangible assets acquired in connection with the transaction are based on valuations performed by management and third-party experts. Identifiable intangible assets totaled million in trademarks. 
 Pro Forma Information 
 
 Net loss ) ) 
 
 NOTE 4. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease right-of-use assets Total 
 Operating lease liabilities related to the assets classified as held-for-sale in the amount of million and million have been classified as current liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Loss (gain) on store sales or closures ) Refranchising loss 

NOTE 5. 
 Equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 million and , respectively. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 Amortization ) September 29, 2024 
 Gross Carrying Value and Accumulated Amortization of Other Intangible Assets (in millions) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Amortizing intangible assets Franchise agreements ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Non-amortizing intangible assets Trademarks Total amortizing and non-amortizing intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 ) Effective tax rate ) ) ) 

13 

Table of Contents 

 and the effective tax rates of ) and ) in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, respectively, was primarily due to increases in the valuation allowance, nondeductible expenses and the impact of state income taxes. 
 The difference between the statutory tax rate of and the effective tax rates of and ) in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, respectively, was primarily due to increases in the valuation allowance, nondeductible expenses and the impact of state income taxes. 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 million and million for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized lease expense of million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 Right-of-use assets classified as held-for-sale Total right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities related to assets held-for-sale Total operating lease liabilities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total 
 The current portion of the operating lease liability as of September 29, 2024 was million. 

14 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9. 
 GFG Royalty Securitization 7/25/2051 7/25/2026 Twin Peaks Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 Fazoli's/Native Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 FB Resid Securitization 7/25/2027 Senior Subordinated Debt FB Royalty Securitization 4/25/2051 7/25/2026 GFG Royalty Securitization 7/25/2051 7/25/2026 Twin Peaks Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 Fazoli's/Native Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 FB Resid Securitization 7/25/2027 Subordinated Debt FB Royalty Securitization 4/25/2051 7/25/2026 GFG Royalty Securitization 7/25/2051 7/25/2026 Twin Peaks Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 Fazoli's/Native Securitization 7/25/2051 1/25/2025 Total Securitized Debt Elevation Note 7/19/2026 N/A Twin Peaks Equipment Notes 5/5/2027 to 7/31/2028 
 N/A to 
 Twin Peaks Construction Loan III 12/28/2024 
 N/A Prime + 
 Twin Peaks Construction Loan IV 10/1/2025 N/A Twin Peaks Promissory Note 10/4/2024 N/A Total Debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term Debt 
 Terms of Outstanding Debt 
 FB Royalty Securitization 
 On April 26, 2021, FAT Brands Royalty I, LLC ("FB Royalty"), a special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands Inc., completed the issuance and sale of tranches of fixed rate secured notes with a total aggregate principal amount of million. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of tranches of fixed rate secured notes. Of the million aggregate principal amount, million was sold privately during the third quarter of 2022, resulting in net proceeds of million (net of debt offering costs of million and original issue discount of million). The remaining million in aggregate principal was sold privately on October 21, 2022, when the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with the Twin Peaks sellers and redeemed shares of the Company's Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock at a price of per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of redemption, in exchange for million aggregate principal amount of secured debt million net of debt offering costs and original issue discount) as discussed in Note 10. 
 Prior to the redemption, the Twin Peaks sellers held shares of Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock. 
 
 Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, (i) at any time prior to July 25, 2023, the Company may call from the Twin Peaks sellers all or a portion of the Class M-2 Notes at the outstanding principal balance multiplied by , plus any accrued plus unpaid interest thereon; (ii) at any time on or after the date of the Exchange Agreement, the Company may call from the Twin Peaks sellers, and at any time on or after July 25, 2023, the Twin Peaks sellers may put to the Company, all or a portion of the Class A-2 Notes and/or Class B-2 Notes at the outstanding principal balance multiplied by , plus any accrued plus unpaid interest thereon; and (iii) at any time on or after July 25, 2023, the Company may call from the Twin Peaks sellers, and the Twin Peaks sellers may put to the Company, all or a portion of the Class M-2 Notes at the outstanding principal balance multiplied by , plus any accrued plus unpaid interest thereon. If the Company does not remit the applicable call price or put price upon a duly exercised call or put, as applicable, the amount owed by the Company will accrue interest at per annum, which interest is due and payable in cash monthly by the Company. On July 13, 2023, pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Twin Peaks sellers exercised their put option. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company paid million to settle the per annum interest in perpetuity and to settle the put option. As a result, as of September 29, 2024, the outstanding principal balance owned by the Twin Peaks sellers is no longer subject to the put option. 
 The FB Royalty securitization notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of FB Royalty and its subsidiaries. 
 GFG Royalty Securitization 
 In connection with the acquisition of GFG, on July 22, 2021, FAT Brands GFG Royalty I, LLC ("GFG Royalty"), a special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, completed the issuance and sale in a private offering of tranches of fixed rate secured notes with a total aggregate principal amount of million. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition of GFG the Company contributed the franchising subsidiaries of GFG to GFG Royalty, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement. 
 On December 15, 2022, GFG Royalty issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of tranches of fixed rate secured notes. Of the million aggregate principal amount, million was sold privately during the fourth quarter of 2022. In January 2023, an additional million aggregate principal amount was sold privately, resulting in net proceeds of million. On September 20, 2023, an additional million aggregate principal amount was sold privately resulting in net proceeds of million. In October 2023, million aggregate principal amount previously issued to FAT Brands Inc. was sold privately resulting in net proceeds of million. The remaining million in aggregate principal amount remains issued to FAT Brands, Inc., pending sale to third party investors. 
 The GFG Royalty securitization notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of GFG Royalty and its subsidiaries. 
 Twin Peaks Securitization 
 In connection with the acquisition of Twin Peaks on October 1, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale in a private offering through its special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiary, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC, of tranches of fixed rate secured notes with a total aggregate principal amount of million. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition of Twin Peaks the Company contributed the franchising subsidiaries of Twin Peaks to FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of tranches of fixed rate secured notes to FAT Brands Inc., pending sale to third party investors. Of the million aggregate principal amount, million was sold privately during the third quarter of 2023 resulting in net proceeds of million. A portion of the proceeds was used to purchase million aggregate principal amount of outstanding Securitization Notes, which will be held pending re-sale to third party investors. The remaining million in aggregate principal of notes issued by FAT Twin Peaks I, LLC was issued to a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, Inc., pending sale to third party investors. 
 On March 20, 2024, FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of tranche of fixed rate secured notes to FAT Brands Inc., pending sale to third party investors. Of the million aggregate principal amount, million was sold privately during the first quarter of 2024 resulting in net proceeds of million. A portion of the proceeds was used to purchase million aggregate principal amount of outstanding Securitization Notes, which will be held pending re-sale to third party investors. In connection with the bonds repurchased, the Company recognized a million net gain on extinguishment of debt. During the second quarter of 2024, the remaining million in aggregate principal of notes was sold privately to a third party investor resulting in net proceeds of million. 
 The Twin Peaks securitization notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of FAT Brands Twin Peaks I, LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 Fazoli's / Native Securitization 
 In connection with the acquisition of Fazoli's and Native Grill Wings on December 15, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale in a private offering through its special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiary, FAT Brands Fazoli's Native I, LLC, of tranches of fixed rate secured notes with a total aggregate principal amount of million. Immediately following the closing of the acquisition of Fazoli's and Native the Company contributed the franchising subsidiaries of these entities to FAT Brands Fazoli's Native I, LLC, pursuant to a Contribution Agreement. 
 The Fazoli's/Native securitization notes are generally secured by a security interest in substantially all the assets of FAT Brands Fazoli's Native I, LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 FB Resid Holdings 1, LLC 
 On July 8, 2023, FB Resid Holdings I, LLC FB Resid ), a special purpose, wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, completed the issuance of tranches of fixed rate secured notes with a total aggregate principal amount of million. Of the million aggregate principal amount, million was sold privately in 2023, resulting in net proceeds of million. A portion of the proceeds was used to purchase million of outstanding Securitization Notes, which will be held pending re-sale to third party investors. The remaining million in aggregate principal of notes issued by FB Resid was issued to a wholly-owned subsidiary of FAT Brands, Inc., pending sale to third party investors. 
 Retained Notes 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company repurchased certain of its securitized notes to be held for resale to third party investors and sold certain of its securitized notes previously repurchased or issued and not sold (collectively, the "Retained Notes"). During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, cash proceeds from the sale of Retained Notes and cash used to repurchase Retained Notes was million and million including accrued interest, respectively. The million includes the sale of million aggregate principal Twin Peaks Securitization notes issued in 2024 in addition to securitization notes previously held in wholly-owned subsidiaries of Fat Brands Inc. As of September 29, 2024, the Company held million of Retained Notes, which have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Terms and Debt Covenant Compliance 
 The FAT Royalty securitization notes, the GFG Royalty securitization notes, the Twin Peaks securitization notes, the Fazoli's/Native securitization notes and the FB Resid notes (collectively, the "Securitization Notes") require that the principal (if any) and interest obligations be segregated to ensure appropriate funds are reserved to pay the quarterly principal and interest amounts due. The amount of monthly cash flow that exceeds the required monthly interest reserve is generally remitted to the Company. Interest payments are required to be made on a quarterly basis. Beginning July 26, 2023, additional interest equal to per annum and principal payments equal to per annum of the initial principal amount on the FAT Royalty securitization notes, the GFG Royalty securitization notes, the Twin Peaks securitization notes and the Fazoli's/Native securitization notes will be made on the scheduled quarterly payment dates. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 million, bearing interest at per annum and maturing in July 2026. The Elevation Note is convertible, under certain circumstances, into shares of the Company s common stock at per share. 
 The Elevation Note is a general unsecured obligation of Company and is subordinated in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company arising under any agreement or instrument to which Company or any of its Affiliates is a party that evidences indebtedness for borrowed money that is senior in right of payment. 
 Equipment Financings (Twin Peaks) 
 
 During 2022, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to million, the proceeds of which were used to purchase certain equipment for a company-owned restaurant that opened in 2022 and to retrofit certain existing company-owned restaurants with equipment (which we refer to as the "2022 Equipment Financings"). The 2022 Equipment Financings have maturity dates between May 5, 2027 and March 7, 2028 and bear interest at fixed rates between and per annum. 
 
 During 2023, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to million, the proceeds of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for a new company-owned restaurant (which we refer to as the "2023 Equipment Financing"). The 2023 Equipment Financing has maturity dates that are months from the date of each draw, and bears interest at per annum. 
 
 During 2024, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into certain equipment financing arrangements to borrow up to million, the proceeds of which will be used to purchase certain equipment for three new company-owned Twin Peaks restaurants (which we refer to as the "2024 Equipment Financing"). The 2024 Equipment Financing has maturity dates that are months from the date of each draw, and bears interest at per annum. 
 
 The 2022 Equipment Financings, the 2023 Equipment Financing, and the 2024 Equipment Financing are secured by certain equipment of such respective company-owned restaurants. As of September 29, 2024, the total outstanding principal amount under them on a collective basis was million, and as of December 31, 2023, the total outstanding principal amount was million. 
 
 Construction Loan Agreement (Twin Peaks) 
 On December 28, 2023, an indirect subsidiary of the Company entered into a construction loan agreement to borrow up to million, the proceeds of which will be used for a new corporate Twin Peaks in McKinney, TX (the "Construction Loan III"). The Construction Loan III has an initial maturity of December 28, 2024, with an optional -month extension, bearing interest at Wall Street Journal Prime plus basis per year and is secured by land and building. As of September 29, 2024, the total amount outstanding on the Construction Loan III was million. The Construction Loan III was paid in full during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 On September 20, 2024, an indirect subsidiary of the Company entered into a loan agreement to borrow million with an initial maturity of October 1, 2025, bearing interest at per annum and is secured by land and building of a new corporate restaurant. As of September 29, 2024, the total amount outstanding on this loan was million. 
 
 Promissory Note (Twin Peaks) 
 
 million in the form of a million cash payment and equal monthly payments of million beginning in January 2024. The million promissory note bears interest of and has a maturity of October 4, 2024. As of September 29, 2024, the total outstanding amount on the promissory note was million. This promissory note was paid in full on its maturity date. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10. 
 newly issued shares of the Company s Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock valued at million (the "GFG Preferred Stock Consideration"). Additionally, on July 22, 2021, the Company entered into a put/call agreement with the GFG sellers, pursuant to which the Company may purchase, or the GFG Sellers may require the Company to purchase, the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration for million plus any accrued but unpaid dividends on or before August 20, 2022 (extended from the original date of April 22, 2022), subject to the other provisions of the Put/Call Agreement. Since the Company did not deliver the applicable cash proceeds to the GFG Sellers by that date, the amount accrues interest at the rate of per annum until repayment is completed. On March 22, 2022, the Company received a put notice on the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration and reclassified the GFG Preferred Stock Consideration from redeemable preferred stock to current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. As of September 29, 2024, the carrying value of the redeemable preferred stock was million. 
 
 On September 16, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with one of the GFG sellers who held put preferred shares. Pursuant to the agreement, effective August 23, 2022, the interest rate applicable to such holder's put shares was increased from to per annum, payable monthly in arrears. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 the Company paid million and million of interest. 
 
 On March 9, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with the second GFG seller who held put preferred shares. Pursuant to the agreement, effective August 23, 2022, the interest rate applicable to such holder's put shares was increased from to per annum, payable on the date of redemption. 
 Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration 
 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Twin Peaks. A portion of the consideration paid included shares of the Company s Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock (the "Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration") valued at million. 
 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company and the Twin Peaks Seller entered into a Put/Call Agreement (the Put/Call Agreement pursuant to which the Company was granted the right to call from the Twin Peaks Seller, and the Twin Peaks Seller was granted the right to put to the Company, the Initial Put/Call Shares at any time until March 31, 2022 for a cash payment of million, and the Secondary Put/Call Shares at any time until September 30, 2022 for a cash payment of million (the Initial Put/call Shares together with the Secondary Put/Call Shares total million), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends on such shares. Unpaid balances, when due, accrue interest at a rate of per annum until repayment is completed. On October 7, 2021, the Company received a put notice on the Initial Put/Call Shares and the Secondary Put/Call Shares. 
 On October 21, 2022, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement with the Twin Peaks Seller and redeemed shares of the Company s Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock at a price of per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of redemption in exchange for million aggregate principal amount of secured debt million net of debt offering costs and original issue discount) as discussed in Note 9. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the carrying value of the Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration totaled million. The Company recognized interest expense relating to the Twin Peaks Preferred Stock Consideration for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 in the amount of million and million. 

NOTE 11. 
 shares available for grant. 
 The Company has periodically issued stock options under the Plan. All of the stock options issued by the Company to date have included a vesting period of , with one-third of each grant vesting annually. As of September 29, 2024, there were shares of stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of . 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company granted a total of stock options under the Plan with a grant date fair value of million. These stock options were grated in the first two quarters this year and there were no 

19 

Table of Contents 

 and stock options under the Plan with a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively. The related compensation expense will be recognized over the vesting period. 
 million and million during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized share-based compensation expense in the amount of million and million during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, there remains million of related share-based compensation expense relating to non-vested grants, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of approximately years, subject to future forfeitures. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 Exercised ) Warrants outstanding and exercisable at September 29, 2024 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, warrants were exercised in exchange for shares of common stock with net proceeds to the Company of million. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock, payable on November 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 15, 2024. 
 On November 14, 2022, we entered into an ATM Sales Agreement (the "ThinkEquity Sales Agreement") with ThinkEquity LLC (the "Agent"), pursuant to which we may offer and sell from time to time through the Agent up to maximum aggregate offering price of shares of our Class A Common Stock and/or Series B Preferred Stock. The ThinkEquity Sales Agreement with the Agent was terminated in May 2024. 
 Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock. During the three months ended September 29, 2024, pursuant to the Noble Sales Agreement, the Company sold and issued shares of Class A Common Stock, at a weighted average share price of , paid the Sales Agent commissions of for such sales and received net proceeds of (net of fees and commissions) for such sales. During the three months ended September 29, 2024, pursuant to the Noble Sales Agreement, the Company sold and issued shares of Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock, at a weighted average share price of , paid the Sales Agent commissions of for such sales and received net proceeds of (net of fees and commissions) for such sales. 
 
 NOTE 14. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 violations of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for directly and indirectly extending and/or arranging for the extension of credit in 2019 and 2020 to former CEO Andrew Wiederhorn in the amount of million. These charges allege that the Company, through its subsidiary Fatburger N.A., transferred approximately to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of a personal loan on January 30, 2019, and lent approximately million in 2020 to its former parent company FCCG which indirectly funded a personal loan from FCCG to Mr. Wiederhorn. The indictment also includes charges against Mr. Wiederhorn, the Company s former CFO, Rebecca Hershinger, and the Company s former tax advisor, William Amon, on violations of various federal tax and other laws related to loans from FCCG to Mr. Wiederhorn. 
 
 Concurrently with the DOJ s charges, the SEC filed a complaint against the Company, claiming violations of Section 17(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933; Sections 10(b), 13(a), 13(b)(2)(A), 13(b)(2)(B), 13(k), and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and Rules 10b-5(b), 12b-20, 13a-1, 13a-13, 14a-3, and 14a-9 thereunder. The SEC s claims pertain principally to allegations that, for fiscal periods covering 2017 through 2020, the Company failed to disclose certain related party transactions, failed to disclose the salaries of Mr. Wiederhorn s adult children working at the Company, failed to maintain proper books and records and internal accounting controls, made false or misleading statements regarding the Company s liquidity and use of proceeds from certain transactions, and directly or indirectly extended credit to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of a personal loan. The SEC s complaint also names Mr. Wiederhorn, Ms. Hershinger, and the Company s SVP of Finance, Ron Roe, as defendants. The SEC is seeking injunctive relief, disgorgement, and civil monetary penalties. 
 
 The Company is evaluating these charges and intends to vigorously defend itself against them. 
 
 Derivative Litigation 
 James Harris and Adam Vignola, derivatively on behalf of FAT Brands, Inc. v. Squire Junger, James Neuhauser, Edward Rensi, Andrew Wiederhorn, Fog Cutter Holdings, LLC and Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc., and FAT Brands Inc., nominal defendant (Delaware Chancery Court, Case No. 2021-0511) 
 On June 10, 2021, plaintiffs James Harris and Adam Vignola Plaintiffs ), putative stockholders of the Company, filed a shareholder derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery nominally on behalf of the Company against the Company s current and former directors (Squire Junger, James Neuhauser, Edward Rensi and Andrew Wiederhorn (the Individual Defendants )), and the Company s majority stockholders, Fog Cutter Holdings, LLC and Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc. (collectively with the Individual Defendants, Defendants ). Plaintiffs assert claims of breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and waste of corporate assets arising out of the Company s December 2020 merger with Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs complaint, which the Court denied in an oral ruling on February 11, 2022 and subsequent written order on May 25, 2022. On April 7, 2022, the Court entered a Scheduling Order setting forth the key dates and deadlines that would govern the litigation, including a discovery cutoff of March 24, 2023 and trial date of February 5-9, 2024. To date, the parties have engaged in substantial written discovery, though no depositions have been taken. On February 3, 2023, the Company s board of directors appointed a Special Litigation Committee SLC ), which retained independent counsel and moved for a stay of the action pending resolution of the SLC's investigation, which the Court granted on February 17, 2023. On April 5, 2023, the Court granted Plaintiffs motion to lift the stay of the proceedings, and entered a Second Amended Pre-Trial Scheduling Order resetting key dates and deadlines, including a fact discovery cutoff of August 4, 2023, and a trial date to be set sometime after May 10, 2024. On May 4, 2023, a new SLC was appointed, and on May 8, 2023, the new SLC moved for a stay of the action pending resolution of its investigation. On May 10, 2023, the United States of America moved for a partial stay of discovery pending its own investigation. On May 31, 2023, the Court granted the United States of America s Motion, except that it granted a stay of all proceedings in the action, and on that basis deemed the SLC s motion to be moot. On December 4, 2023, the stay of all proceedings was extended through March 3, 2024, and on March 1, 2024, the stay of all proceedings was extended to June 3, 2024. On June 3, 2024, the Court granted the United States request to further extend the stay of all proceedings pending resolution of the charges in United States v. Wiederhorn et al., 2:24-CR-295-RGK (C.D. Cal.). Defendants dispute the allegations of the lawsuit and intend to vigorously defend against the claims. We cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit. This lawsuit does not assert any claims against the Company. However, subject to certain limitations, we are obligated to indemnify our directors in connection with defense costs for the lawsuit and any related litigation, which may exceed coverage provided under our insurance policies, and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. The lawsuit and any related litigation also may be time-consuming and divert the attention and resources of our management. 
 
 James Harris and Adam Vignola, derivatively on behalf of FAT Brands, Inc. v. Squire Junger, James Neuhauser, Edward Rensi, Andrew Wiederhorn and Fog Cutter Holdings, LLC, and FAT Brands Inc., nominal defendant (Delaware Chancery Court, Case No. 2022-0254) 
 
 On March 17, 2022, plaintiffs James Harris and Adam Vignola Plaintiffs ), putative stockholders of the Company, filed a shareholder derivative action in the Delaware Court of Chancery nominally on behalf of the Company against the Company s current and former directors (Squire Junger, James Neuhauser, Edward Rensi and Andrew Wiederhorn (the Individual 

21 

Table of Contents 

 stay of the action pending resolution of the SLC s investigation. On August 10, 2023, the parties filed a stipulation to stay the case for , conditioned upon Defendants continuing to review the documents in response to Plaintiffs' First Requests for Production and to produce non-privileged responsive documents to the SLC and to Plaintiffs no later than December 1, 2023. The Court granted the stipulation the same day. In accordance with the stipulation, Defendants produced documents to the SLC and Plaintiffs by the December 1, 2023 deadline. Subsequently, the Court granted multiple stays of the proceedings in this case, currently through November 4, 2024. Defendants dispute the allegations of the lawsuit and intend to vigorously defend against the claims. As this matter is still in the early stages, we cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit. This lawsuit does not assert any claims against the Company. However, subject to certain limitations, we are obligated to indemnify our directors in connection with defense costs for the lawsuit and any related litigation, which may exceed coverage provided under our insurance policies, and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. The lawsuit and any related litigation also may be time-consuming and divert the attention and resources of our management. 
 
 Other Litigation 
 
 Mitchell Kates v. FAT Brands, Inc., Andrew Wiederhorn, Kenneth J. Kuick and Robert G. Rosen (United States District Court for the Central District of California, Case No. 2:24-cv-04775-MWF-MAA) 
 
 On June 7, 2024, plaintiff Mitchell Kates, a putative investor in the Company, filed a putative class action lawsuit against the Company, Andrew Wiederhorn, Kenneth J. Kuick and Robert G. Rosen, asserting claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, alleging that the defendants made false and misleading statements and omitted material facts necessary to make statements not misleading in the Company s reports filed with the SEC under the 1934 Act related to the subject matter of the government investigations and litigation discussed above, the Company s handling of these matters and its cooperation with the government. The plaintiff alleges that the Company s public statements wrongfully inflated the trading price of the Company s common stock, preferred stock and warrants. The plaintiff is seeking to certify the complaint as a class action and is seeking compensatory damages in an amount to be determined at trial. As this matter is still in the early stages, we cannot predict the outcome of this lawsuit. 
 Stratford Holding LLC v. Foot Locker Retail Inc. (U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma, Case No. 5:12-cv-772-HE) 
 In 2012 and 2013, two property owners in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma sued numerous parties, including Foot Locker Retail Inc. and our subsidiary Fog Cutter Capital Group Inc. (now known as Fog Cutter Acquisition, LLC), for alleged environmental contamination on their properties, stemming from dry cleaning operations on one of the properties. The property owners seek damages in the range of million to million. From 2002 to 2008, a former Fog Cutter subsidiary managed a lease portfolio, which included the subject property. Fog Cutter denies any liability, although it did not timely respond to one of the property owners complaints and several of the defendants cross-complaints and thus is in default. The parties are currently conducting discovery. The court has vacated the current trial date and has not yet reset the trial date. The Company is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this matter, however, reserves have been recorded on the balance sheet of FAT Brands relating to this litigation. There can be no assurance that the defendants will be successful in defending against these actions. 
 SBN FCCG LLC v FCCGI (Los Angeles Superior Court, Case No. BS172606) 
 SBN FCCG LLC SBN filed a complaint against Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc. FCCG in New York state court for an indemnification claim (the NY case stemming from an earlier lawsuit in Georgia regarding a certain lease portfolio formerly managed by a former FCCG subsidiary. In February 2018, SBN obtained a final judgment in the NY case for a total of million, which included million in interest dating back to March 2012. SBN then obtained a sister state judgment in Los Angeles Superior Court, Case No. BS172606 (the California case ), which included the million judgment from the NY case, plus additional statutory interest and fees, for a total judgment of million. In May 2018, SBN filed a cost memo, requesting an additional in interest to be added to the judgment in the California case, for a total of million. In May 2019, the parties agreed to settle the matter for million, which required the immediate payment of million, and the balance to be paid in August 2019. FCCG wired million to SBN in May 2019, but has not yet paid the remaining balance of million. The parties have not entered into a formal settlement agreement, and they have not yet discussed the terms for the payment of the remaining balance. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 million. On March 11, 2024, the court issued an order granting FCCG s motion to dismiss SBN s complaint without prejudice to refile the complaint, if at all, once the underlying proceedings (the OKC Litigation and the Bankruptcy Proceeding) were complete. On April 10, 2024, SBN filed a notice of appeal of the trial court's order dismissing SBN's complaint. We are unable at this time to express any opinion as to the eventual outcome of this matter or the possible range of loss, if any. 
 The Company is involved in other claims and legal proceedings from time-to-time that arise in the ordinary course of business, including those involving the Company s franchisees. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these actions will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. As of September 29, 2024, the Company had accrued an aggregate of million for the specific matters mentioned above and claims and legal proceedings involving franchisees as of that date. 
 
 NOTE 15. 
 Other countries Total revenue 
 Revenue is shown based on the geographic location of our company-owned and franchisees restaurants. All assets are located in the United States. 
 During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, no individual franchisee accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue. 

23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, as applicable. Certain statements made or incorporated by reference in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases, and in statements made by or with the approval of authorized personnel constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements reflect intent, belief, current expectations, estimates or projections about, among other things, our industry, management s beliefs, and future events and financial trends affecting us. Words such as anticipates , expects , intends , plans , believes , seeks , estimates , may , will , and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These differences can arise as a result of the risks described in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2024 and elsewhere in this report, as well as other factors that may affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents incorporated by reference speak only as of the date of those documents. Unless otherwise required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks and uncertainties, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will, in fact, transpire. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Business overview 
 FAT Brands Inc. is a leading multi-brand restaurant franchising company that develops, markets, and acquires primarily quick-service, fast casual, casual dining and polished casual restaurant concepts around the world. As of September 29, 2024, the Company owned 18 restaurant brands: Round Table Pizza, Fatburger, Marble Slab Creamery, Johnny Rockets, Fazoli's, Twin Peaks, Smokey Bones, Great American Cookies, Hot Dog on a Stick, Buffalo s Cafe Express, Hurricane Grill Wings, Pretzelmaker, Elevation Burger, Native Grill Wings, Yalla Mediterranean and Ponderosa and Bonanza Steakhouses. As of September 29, 2024, the Company had approximately 2,300 locations open or under construction, of which approximately 92 were franchised. 
 Under our franchised business model, we generate revenue by charging franchisees an initial franchise fee as well as ongoing royalties. This asset light franchisor model provides the opportunity for strong profit margins and an attractive free cash flow profile while minimizing restaurant operating company risk, such as long-term real estate commitments or capital investments. Our scalable management platform enables us to add new stores and restaurant concepts to our portfolio with minimal incremental corporate overhead cost, while taking advantage of significant corporate overhead synergies. The acquisition of additional brands and restaurant concepts as well as expansion of our existing brands are key elements of our growth strategy. 
 Our revenues are derived primarily from two sales channels, franchised restaurants and company owned restaurants, which we operate as one segment. The primary sources of revenues are the sale of food and beverages at our company restaurants and the collection of royalties, franchise fees and advertising revenue from sales of food and beverages at our franchised restaurants. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 We operate on a 52-week or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Sunday of the calendar year. In a 52-week fiscal year, each quarter contains 13 weeks of operations. In a 53-week fiscal year, each of the first, second and third quarters includes 13 weeks of operations and the fourth quarter includes 14 weeks of operations, which may cause our revenue, expenses and other results of operations to be higher due to an additional week of operations. The 2024 fiscal year is a 52-week year. The 2023 fiscal year was a 53-week year. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations of FAT Brands Inc. 
 The following table summarizes key components of our condensed consolidated results of operations for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023. 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Statements of Operations Data: Revenue Royalties 22,353 23,930 67,618 69,166 Restaurant sales 99,238 62,578 312,587 187,957 Advertising fees 9,708 9,960 29,569 28,979 Factory revenues 9,490 9,323 28,599 28,174 Franchise fees 2,576 2,477 5,170 4,042 Other revenue 1,098 3,829 3,503 Total revenue 143,365 109,366 447,372 321,821 Costs and expenses General and administrative expense 34,481 24,458 94,044 62,820 Cost of restaurant and factory revenues 96,792 59,168 295,955 177,757 Depreciation and amortization 10,736 7,040 31,176 21,217 Refranchising loss 157 408 1,840 746 Advertising fees 10,032 11,671 37,275 33,808 Total costs and expenses 152,198 102,745 460,290 296,348 (Loss) income from operations (8,833) 6,621 (12,918) 25,473 Total other expense, net (35,779) (32,587) (103,944) (86,774) Loss before income tax provision (benefit) (44,612) (25,966) (116,862) (61,301) Income tax provision (benefit) 143 (1,310) 5,568 2,572 Net loss (44,755) (24,656) (122,430) (63,873) 
 For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 Revenue - Revenue consists of royalties, franchise fees, advertising fees, restaurant sales, factory revenue and other revenue. Total revenue increased 125.6 million, or 39.0 , in the first three quarters of 2024 to 447.4 million compared to 321.8 million in the same period of 2023 primarily driven by the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and revenues from new restaurant openings. 
 Costs and expenses Costs and expenses consist of general and administrative expense, cost of restaurant and factory revenues, depreciation and amortization, refranchising net loss and advertising fees. Costs and expenses increased 163.9 million, or 55.3 , in the first three quarters of 2024 to 460.3 million compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and increased activity from Company-owned restaurants and the Company's factory. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expense increased 31.2 million, or 49.7 , in the first three quarters of 2024 to 94.0 million compared to 62.8 million in the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and the recognition of 13.7 million in Employee Retention Credits during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2023, partially offset by the recognition of 3.4 million in Employee Retention Credits during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2024. 
 Cost of restaurant and factory revenues was related to the operations of the company-owned restaurant locations and dough factory and increased 118.2 million, or 66.5 , in the first three quarters of fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and higher company-owned restaurant and factory sales. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 10.0 million, or 46.9 in the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and depreciation of new property and equipment at company-owned restaurant locations. 
 Refranchising net loss in the first three quarters of 2024 of 1.8 million was comprised of 0.8 million in restaurant operating costs, net of food sales, and 1.0 million in net loss related to the sale or closure of refranchised restaurants. Refranchising net loss in the first three quarters of 2023 of 0.7 million was comprised of 0.8 million in restaurant operating costs, net of food sales, partially offset by 0.1 million in net gains related to the sale or closure of refranchised restaurants. 
 Advertising expenses increased 3.5 million in the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the prior year period. These expenses vary in relation to advertising revenues. 
 Total other expense, net, for the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 was 103.9 million and 86.8 million, respectively, which is inclusive of interest expense of 103.6 million and 84.2 million, respectively. This increase is primarily due to new debt offerings which occurred in the first three quarters of fiscal year 2023. Total other expense, net, for the first three quarters of 2024 also consisted of a 0.4 million net gain on the extinguishment of debt. Total other expense, net, for the first three quarters of 2023 also consisted of a 2.7 million net loss on the extinguishment of debt. 
 Income tax provision The effective rate was (4.8) and (4.2) for the first three quarters of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2023, respectively. The difference in effective rate was primarily due to increases in the valuation allowance, nondeductible expenses and the impact of state income taxes. 
 For the Thirteen Weeks Ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 Revenue - Revenue consists of royalties, franchise fees, advertising fees, restaurant sales, factory revenue and other revenue. Total revenue increased 34.0 million, or 31.1 , in the third quarter of 2024 to 143.4 million compared to 109.4 million in the same period of 2023, driven by the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and revenues from new restaurant openings. 
 Costs and expenses Costs and expenses consist of general and administrative expense, cost of restaurant and factory revenues, depreciation and amortization, refranchising net loss and advertising fees. Costs and expenses increased 49.5 million, or 48.1 , in the third quarter of 2024 to 152.2 million compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and increased activity from Company-owned restaurants and the Company's factory. 
 General and administrative expense increased 10.0 million, or 41.0 , in the third quarter of 2024 to 34.5 million compared to 24.5 million in the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and increased professional fees related to pending litigation. 
 Cost of restaurant and factory revenues was related to the operations of the company-owned restaurant locations and dough factory and increased 37.6 million, or 63.6 , in the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and higher company-owned restaurant sales. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 3.7 million, or 52.5 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Smokey Bones in September 2023 and depreciation of new property and equipment at company-owned restaurant locations. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Refranchising net loss in the third quarter of 2024 of 0.2 million was comprised of restaurant operating costs, net of food sales. Refranchising net loss in the third quarter of 2023 of 0.4 million was comprised of restaurant operating costs, net of food sales. 
 Advertising expenses decreased 1.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year period. These expenses vary in relation to advertising revenues. 
 Total other expense, net, for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 was 35.8 million and 32.6 million, respectively, which is inclusive of interest expense of 35.5 million and 29.7 million, respectively. This increase is primarily due to new debt issuances. Total other expense, net, for the third quarter of 2023 also consisted of a 2.7 million net loss on the extinguishment of debt. 
 Income tax provision The effective rate was (0.3) and 5.0 for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The difference in effective rate was primarily due to increases in the valuation allowance, nondeductible expenses and the impact of state income taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund business operations, acquisitions and expansion of franchised restaurant locations and for other general business purposes. Our primary sources of funds for liquidity during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 consisted of cash on hand at the beginning of the period and net proceeds of 69.9 million from the sale of secured debt as discussed in Note 9 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 We are involved in a world-wide expansion of franchise locations, which will require significant liquidity, primarily from our franchisees. If real estate locations of sufficient quality cannot be located and either leased or purchased, the timing of restaurant openings may be delayed. Additionally, if we or our franchisees cannot obtain capital sufficient to fund this expansion, the extent or timing of restaurant openings may be reduced or delayed. 
 We also may acquire additional restaurant concepts. These acquisitions typically require capital investments in excess of our normal cash on hand. We would expect that future acquisitions will necessitate financing with additional debt or equity transactions. If we are unable to obtain acceptable financing, our ability to acquire additional restaurant concepts likely would be negatively impacted. 
 We have liabilities of 91.8 million relating to put options exercised by others on our Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock. The Company has contractual options pursuant to the put/call agreements to extend this repayment via incremental interest payments and there are capital market options that the Company may consider. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our liquidity needs and capital resource requirements for at least the next twelve months primarily through currently available cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and access to the capital markets. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Cash Flows 
 Our cash and restricted cash balance was 66.7 million as of September 29, 2024, compared to 91.9 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 The following table summarizes key components of our condensed consolidated cash flows for the 39 weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 For the Thirty-Nine Weeks Ended 
 in millions 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (45.8) (23.0) Net cash used in investing activities (26.0) (14.3) Net cash provided by financing activities 46.6 107.4 Net cash flows (25.2) 70.1 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased 22.8 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 2023, primarily due to higher debt service costs associated with our securitizations and by changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 26.0 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 14.3 million in the comparable period of 2023, primarily driven by increases in purchases of property and equipment in connection with company-owned restaurants. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 46.6 million in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and primarily comprised of proceeds from borrowings, partially offset by repayments of borrowings and dividends paid on our Class A and Class B Common Stock and our Series B Cumulative Preferred Stock. 
 Dividends 
 On January 9, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.14 per share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, payable on March 1, 2024 to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2024, for a total of 2.4 million. On April 17, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.14 per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock, payable on May 31, 2024 to stockholders of record as of May 15, 2024, for a total of 2.4 million. On July 9, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.14 per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock, payable on August 30, 2024 to stockholders of record as of August 15, 2024, for a total of 2.4 million. On October 29, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.14 per share of Class A and Class B Common Stock, payable on November 29, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 15, 2024. 
 The declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. The amount and size of any future dividends will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will declare and pay dividends in future periods. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 As of September 29, 2024, we do not have any material commitments for capital expenditures. 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by the application of our accounting policies. Our significant accounting policies are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 12, 2024. Critical accounting estimates are those that require application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. While we apply our judgment based on assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could vary from these assumptions. It is possible that materially different amounts would be reported using different assumptions. Our critical accounting estimates are identified and described in our annual consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 12, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not Required. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures (as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officers and principal financial officer have concluded that our Disclosure Controls and Procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting in connection with an evaluation that occurred during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 
 We do not expect that our Disclosure Controls and Procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control procedures are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of frauds, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies , to the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which Note is incorporated by reference in this Item 1. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the factors discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2024, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. The risks described below and in our Annual Report are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
 We face risks related to pending government charges and are a party to stockholder litigation, which could cause us to incur additional expenses and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and reputation. 
 
 On May 10, 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice indicted the Company on two violations of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for directly and indirectly extending and/or arranging for the extension of credit in 2019 and 2020 to our former Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Wiederhorn, in the aggregate amount of 2.65 million. In addition, the SEC filed a complaint against us alleging that for periods covering 2017 through 2020, we failed to disclose certain related party transactions, failed to maintain proper books and records and internal accounting controls, made false or misleading statements regarding our liquidity and use of proceeds from certain transactions, and directly or indirectly extended credit to Mr. Wiederhorn in the form of a personal loan. A putative civil securities class action lawsuit was subsequently filed in June 2024 by an investor against our Company, Mr. Wiederhorn and our co-Chief Executive Officers, alleging that the defendants made false and misleading statements and omitted material facts in our reports filed with the SEC related to the subject matter of the government investigations and litigation, our handling of these matters, and our cooperation with the government. Such governmental charges and stockholder action present certain risks, and at this stage, we are not able to reasonably estimate the outcome or duration of these actions, nor can we predict what consequences any such action may have on our Company. Moreover, there could be developments of which we are not aware, and which could result in further proceedings against Mr. Wiederhorn, our Company, and our other directors, officers and employees. We may incur additional costs in connection with the defense or settlement of existing and any future government charges and stockholder actions. 
 
 These pending government charges and stockholder litigation, the results thereof, including any fines, penalties or settlements payable by us, and any actions that we have taken or may take as a result thereof may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and reputation. If we are ultimately subject to adverse findings resulting from such pending government charges and stockholder litigation, we could be required to pay damages and/or penalties or have other remedies imposed on us, and we and/or our directors, officers or employees may be subject to additional civil litigation against our Company and/or our directors and officers regarding such matters. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated By Reference to 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 Description 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 31.1 
 C o-C hief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 31.2 
 C o-C hief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 32.1 
 Certifications of the Co- Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 X (Furnished) 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 X (Furnished) 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 X (Furnished) 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 X (Furnished) 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 X (Furnished) 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 X (Furnished) 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FAT BRANDS INC. October 31, 2024 By /s/ Kenneth J. Kuick Kenneth J. Kuick Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized signatory for the registrant) 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a3q24form10-qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 I, Kenneth J. Kuick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FAT Brands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Kenneth J. Kuick Kenneth J. Kuick Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a3q24form10-qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 I, Robert G. Rosen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FAT Brands Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Robert G. Rosen Robert G. Rosen Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a3q24form10-qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF THE CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of FAT Brands Inc., that, to his or her knowledge, the Quarterly Report of FAT Brands Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s Kenneth J. Kuick Kenneth J. Kuick Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) Date October 31, 2024 By s Robert G. Rosen Robert G. Rosen Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to FAT Brands Inc. and will be retained by FAT Brands Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fat-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fat-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fat-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fat-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fat-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

