<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1128361_0001128361-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19288489</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>178802</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2288005</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9041496</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3846004</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3432467</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001128361-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108163622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001128361-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOPE BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001128361
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				954849715
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50245
		FILM NUMBER:		241441269

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2136391700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3200 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BBCN BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NARA BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001128361-24-000039.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 hope-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hope-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executives offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) (Trading Symbol) (Name of exchange on which registered) 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 At November 1, 2024, there were shares of Hope Bancorp, Inc. common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1. Hope Bancorp, Inc. 
 11 
 2. Basis of Presentation 
 12 
 3. Earnings Per Share EPS 
 13 
 4. Equity Investments 
 14 
 5. Investment Securities 
 15 
 6. Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 19 
 7. Leases 
 30 
 8. Deposits 
 32 
 9. Borrowings 
 33 
 10. Convertible Notes and Subordinated Debentures 
 34 
 11. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 36 
 12. Commitments and Contingencies 
 39 
 13. Goodwill, Intangible Assets, and Servicing Assets 
 40 
 14. Income Taxes 
 42 
 15. Fair Value Measurements 
 43 
 16. Stockholders Equity 
 51 
 17. Stock-Based Compensation 
 52 
 18. Regulatory Matters 
 54 
 19. Revenue Recognition 
 56 
 20. Subsequent Events 
 57 
 Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 58 
 Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 80 
 Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 82 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 83 
 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 83 
 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 84 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 84 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 84 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 84 
 Item 6. EXHIBITS 84 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 85 
 SIGNATURES 86 

2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, expectations regarding the business environment in which we operate, projections of future performance, perceived opportunities in the market, and statements regarding our business strategies, objectives and vision. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words will, believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, projects, forecasts, estimates or similar expressions. With respect to any such forward-looking statements, the Company claims the protection provided for in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties, and factors that are beyond the Company s control or ability to predict. The Company s actual results, performance or achievements may differ significantly from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties include: possible further deterioration in economic conditions in our areas of operation; liquidity risks; risk of significant non-earning assets, and net credit losses that could occur, particularly in times of weak economic conditions; the failure of or changes to assumptions and estimates underlying the Company s allowances for credit losses; geopolitical instability or unrest; regulatory risks associated with current and future regulations; and risks associated with the execution of our organizational restructuring and failing to achieve its anticipated results. In addition, there are risks and uncertainties related to our proposed merger with Territorial Bancorp Inc., including, among others, the risk that the proposed merger will be consummated within the expected time frame, or at all; the risk that any announcements relating to the proposed merger could have adverse effects on the market price of the Company s common stock; diversion of management s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; required governmental approvals of the merger may not be obtained on its proposed terms and schedule, or without regulatory constraints that may limit growth, or at all; assuming the transaction is consummated, difficulties and delays in integrating Hope Bancorp, Inc. and Territorial Bancorp Inc. and achieving anticipated synergies, cost savings and other benefits from the transaction; higher than anticipated transaction costs; and deposit attrition, operating costs, customer loss and business disruption following the merger, including difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees and customers, may be greater than expected. For additional information concerning these and other risk factors, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. 
 
 Due to the risks and uncertainties we face, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this report, which speak only as of the date of this report, or to make predictions about future performance based solely on historical financial information. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements except as required by law. 

3 

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and due from banks Interest earning cash in other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Investment securities available for sale AFS ), at fair value Investment securities held to maturity HTM ), at amortized cost; fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Equity investments Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Other real estate owned OREO ), net Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Deferred tax assets, net Bank owned life insurance BOLI Investments in affordable housing partnerships Operating lease right-of-use assets ROU ), net Goodwill Core deposit intangible assets, net Servicing assets, net Other assets Total assets 
 
 (Continued) 
 4 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands, except share data) LIABILITIES: Deposits: Noninterest bearing Interest bearing: Money market and NOW accounts Savings deposits Time deposits Total deposits FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank FRB borrowings Convertible notes and subordinated debentures, net Accrued interest payable Operating lease liabilities Commitments to fund investments in affordable housing partnerships Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Note 12 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Common stock, par value; and authorized shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively: issued and outstanding and shares, respectively, at September 30, 2024, and issued and outstanding and shares, respectively, at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) INTEREST INCOME: Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on cash and deposits at other banks Interest on other investments Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE: Interest on deposits Interest on FHLB and FRB borrowings Interest on other borrowings and debt Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NONINTEREST INCOME: Service fees on deposit accounts International service fees Wire transfer and foreign currency fees Swap fees ) Net gains on sales of SBA loans Net (losses) gains on sales of investment securities AFS ) Other income and fees Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy Furniture and equipment Data processing and communications Professional fees Amortization of investments in affordable housing partnerships FDIC assessments FDIC special assessment Earned interest credit expense Restructuring-related costs Merger-related costs Other noninterest expense Total noninterest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX PROVISION NET INCOME EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in unrealized net holding gains (losses) on securities AFS ) ) Change in unrealized net holding gains (losses) on interest rate contracts used in cash flow hedges ) ) Reclassification adjustments for net gains realized in net income ) ) ) ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 7 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net Total stockholders equity Shares Amount (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of shares pursuant to various stock plans, net of forfeitures and tax withholding cancellations Stock-based compensation, net of tax settlements Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) BALANCE, JUNE 30, 2024 ) ) ASU 2023-02 adjustment ) ) ASU 2023-02 adjustment tax impact Issuance of shares pursuant to various stock plans, net of forfeitures and tax withholding cancellations Stock-based compensation, net of tax settlements Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) 

8 

Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net Total stockholders equity Shares Amount (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) Adoption of ASU 2022-02 Adoption of ASU 2022-02 tax adjustment ) ) Issuance of shares pursuant to various stock plans, net of forfeitures and tax withholding cancellations Stock-based compensation, net of tax settlements Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2023 ) ) ASU 2023-02 adjustment ) ) ASU 2023-02 adjustment tax impact Issuance of shares pursuant to various stock plans, net of forfeitures and tax withholding cancellations Stock-based compensation, net of tax settlements Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income BALANCE, SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 9 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Discount accretion, net of depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision for credit losses Distribution gain from investment in affordable housing partnerships ) ) Net gains on sales of loans ) ) Gains on BOLI ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Valuation on HFS loans Net gain on sale of investment securities AFS ) Net change in deferred income taxes Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Originations of servicing assets ) ) Net change in accrued interest receivable ) Net change in other assets Net change in accrued interest payable ) Net change in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Redemption of interest earning deposits in other financial institutions Investment securities available for sale: Purchase of securities ) ) Proceeds from matured, called, or paid-down securities Proceeds from sales and calls of securities available for sale Investment securities held to maturity: Purchase of securities ) Proceeds from matured, called, or paid-down securities Purchase of equity investments ) ) Proceeds from redemptions of equity investments Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale previously classified as held for investment Purchase of loans receivable ) Net change in loans receivable Proceeds from sales of OREO Purchase of FHLB stock ) Redemption of FHLB stock Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Purchase of BOLI policy ) Proceeds from BOLI death benefits Investments in affordable housing partnerships ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in deposits ) Proceeds from FHLB advances Repayment of FHLB advances ) ) Proceeds from FRB borrowings Repayment of FRB borrowings ) ) Repurchase of convertible notes ) Repayment of convertible notes ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Taxes paid in net settlement of restricted stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Interest paid Income taxes paid SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Transfer from loans receivable to OREO Transfer from loans receivable to loans held for sale Transfer from loans held for sale to loans receivable ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities, net 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 10 

HOPE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 branches and loan production offices in California, New York, Texas, Washington, Illinois, New Jersey, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Colorado and Oregon, as well a representative office in Seoul, South Korea. The Company is a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Delaware and a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. 
 On March 28, 2024, the Bank entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with PromiseOne Bank, a Georgia state bank, to sell the deposits, other liabilities and certain physical assets of the Bank s branches located in Virginia (Annandale and Centreville). The transaction was completed on October 1, 2024. 
 On April 26, 2024, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Territorial Bancorp Inc. Territorial ), headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii. Under the terms of the merger agreement, assuming the transaction is consummated, Territorial will merge with and into the Company, immediately followed by the merger of Territorial s subsidiary bank, Territorial Savings Bank, with and into the Company s subsidiary bank, Bank of Hope. If the transaction is completed, Territorial shareholders will receive a fixed exchange ratio of shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for each share of Territorial common stock they own. Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on April 26, 2024, this represented a value of per share of Territorial common stock, although the actual value will be determined upon the completion of the merger. Following the completion of the pending transaction, the legacy Territorial franchise in Hawaii will continue to do business under the Territorial brand, as a trade name of Bank of Hope. 
 11 

2. 
 
 These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Company s accounting policies are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of its audited consolidated financial statements included in its 2023 Annual Report Form 10-K. Significant changes to accounting policies from those disclosed in the Company s audited consolidated financial statements included in its 2023 Annual Report Form 10-K are presented below. 
 
 million in the derecognition of delayed contribution liabilities related to the Company s investments in affordable housing partnerships, as balance sheet adjustments. In addition, the Company recorded adjustments to equity including a million adjustment to retained earnings net of a thousand reduction to account for deferred tax assets. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 12 

3. 
 and shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded in computing diluted earnings per common share because they were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock options and restricted share awards of and shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded in computing diluted earnings per common share because they were anti-dilutive. 
 The Company previously issued million in convertible senior notes maturing on May 15, 2038, of which thousand remained outstanding at September 30, 2024. The convertible notes can be converted into the Company s shares of common stock at an initial rate of 45.0760 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the notes (See Note 10 Convertible Notes and Subordinated Debentures for additional information regarding convertible notes issued). Under the required if-converted method for calculating dilutive EPS for convertible instruments, the denominator of the diluted EPS calculation is adjusted to reflect the full number of common shares issuable upon conversion, while the numerator is adjusted to add back after-tax interest expense for the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shares related to the convertible notes issued were not included in the Company s diluted EPS calculation. In accordance with the terms of the convertible notes and settlement options available to the Company, no shares would have been delivered to investors of the convertible notes based on the Company s common stock price during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as the conversion price exceeded the market price of the Company s stock. 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock Diluted EPS - common stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Income (Numerator) Weighted-Average Shares (Denominator) Earnings Per Share Net Income (Numerator) Weighted-Average Shares (Denominator) Earnings Per Share (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Basic EPS - common stock Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock Diluted EPS - common stock 
 
 13 

4. 
 million and million, respectively, and were included in Equity investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 ) ) Less: Net change in fair value recorded on equity investments sold during the period Net change in fair value on equity investments with readily determinable fair values held at the end of the period ) ) 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company also had equity investments without readily determinable fair values, which are carried at cost less any determined impairment. The balance of these investments is adjusted for changes in subsequent observable prices. At September 30, 2024, the total balance of equity investments without readily determinable fair values included in Equity investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition was million, consisting of thousand in correspondent bank stock, million in Community Development Financial Institutions CDFI investments, and million in Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments. At December 31, 2023, the total balance of equity investments without readily determinable fair values was million, consisting of thousand in correspondent bank stock, million in CDFI investments, and million in CRA investments. 
 impairments or subsequent observable price changes for equity investments without readily determinable fair values for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 14 

5. 
 ) U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: 
 Agency securities ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations CMO ) ) Mortgage-backed securities MBS ): Residential ) ) Commercial ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Total investment securities AFS ) ) Debt securities HTM: U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: 
 MBS: Residential ) ) Commercial ) ) Total investment securities HTM ) ) 
 The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest from the amortized cost of its investment debt securities. Accrued interest receivable for investment debt securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, totaled million and million, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than of stockholders equity. 
 The table below summarizes the proceeds from and gains and losses on the sales and calls of investment securities AFS, for the periods presented below. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Proceeds from sales and calls of investment securities AFS Gains from sales of investment securities AFS Losses from sales of investment securities AFS ) ) Net (losses) gain on sales and calls of investment securities AFS ) 
 15 

million and million in unrealized losses on investment securities AFS, net of taxes, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 Nontaxable Total 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 
 Securities with carrying values of approximately million and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits, for various borrowings, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The decrease was primarily due to securities were no longer being pledged at the Bank Term Funding Program BTFP as of September 30, 2024, as the BTFP ceased extending new advances in March 2024. 
 
 16 

U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: 
 Agency securities ) ) CMOs ) ) MBS: Residential ) ) ) Commercial ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Description of Securities AFS Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (Dollars in thousands) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: 
 Agency securities ) ) CMOs ) ) ) MBS: Residential ) ) Commercial ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate securities ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 17 

of the Company s investment portfolio at September 30, 2024, consisted of securities that were issued by U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises. Although a government guarantee exists on securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored agencies, these entities are not legally backed by the full faith and credit of the federal government, and the current support is subject to a cap as part of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. Nonetheless, at this time the Company does not foresee any set of circumstances in which the government would not fund its commitments on these investments as the issuers are an integral part of the U.S. housing market in providing liquidity and stability. Therefore, the Company concluded that a zero allowance approach for these investments was appropriate. The Company also had asset-backed securities, corporate securities, and municipal bonds in unrealized loss positions at September 30, 2024. The Company performed an assessment of investments in unrealized loss positions for credit impairment and concluded that allowance for credit losses was required at September 30, 2024. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Securities Available for Sale The Company evaluates investment securities AFS in unrealized loss positions for impairment related to credit losses on at least a quarterly basis. Investment securities AFS in unrealized loss positions are first assessed as to whether the Company intends to sell, or if it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If one of the criteria is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through earnings. For securities that do not meet these criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value resulted from credit losses or other factors. In evaluating whether a credit loss exists, the Company has set up an initial quantitative filter for impairment triggers. Once the quantitative filter has been triggered, a security is placed on a watch list and an additional assessment is performed to identify whether a credit impairment exists. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the Company compares the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses that have not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses are recognized in other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes. The Company did have an allowance for credit losses on investment securities AFS at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 have an allowance for credit losses on investment securities HTM at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 18 

6. 
 Commercial and industrial C I loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer and other loans Total loans receivable, net of deferred costs and fees Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 
 Loans receivable is stated at the amount of unpaid principal, adjusted for net deferred fees and costs, premiums and discounts, and purchase accounting fair value adjustments. The Company had net deferred fees of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The loan portfolio consists of segments: CRE loans, C I loans, residential mortgage loans, and consumer and other loans. CRE loans are extended for the purchase and refinance of commercial real estate and are generally secured by first deeds of trust and collateralized by multifamily residential or commercial properties. C I loans are loans provided to businesses for various purposes such as working capital, purchasing inventory, debt refinancing, business acquisitions, international trade finance activities, and other business-related financing needs. CRE and C I loans also include Small Business Administration SBA loans. Residential mortgage loans are extended for personal, family, or household use and are secured by a first mortgage or deed of trust. Consumer and other loans consist of home equity, credit card, and other personal loans. 
 The Company had loans receivable of billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of million, or , from December 31, 2023. The decrease in loans receivable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was due to the decline in C I and CRE loans, partially offset by the growth in residential mortgage loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, loan payoffs, paydowns and sales exceeded new origination volume, reflecting, in part, an elevated pace of payoffs in a high interest rate environment. 
 The Company had million in loans held for sale at September 30, 2024, compared with million at December 31, 2023. Loans held for sale at September 30, 2024, consisted of million in residential mortgage loans and million in C I loans, net of valuation allowance of million. Loans held for sale are not included in the loans receivable table presented above. 
 
 19 

Provision (credit) for credit loss on loans ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge offs Balance, end of period Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance, beginning of period Provision (credit) for credit loss on loans ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge offs Balance, end of period 
 CRE Loans C I Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loans Total (Dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period Provision (credit) for credit loss on loans ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge offs Balance, end of period Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period ASU 2022-02 day 1 adoption adjustment ) ) Provision (credit) for credit loss on loans ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of charge offs Balance, end of period 
 
 20 

Collectively evaluated Total Loans outstanding: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 December 31, 2023 CRE Loans C I Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loans Total (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for credit losses: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Loans outstanding: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, reserves for unfunded loan commitments recorded in other liabilities were million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an addition to reserves for unfunded commitments of thousand and a reduction to reserves for unfunded commitments of million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded additions to reserves for unfunded commitments totaling thousand and million, respectively. 
 Generally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status if principal and/or interest payments become days or more past due, and/or management deems the collectability of the principal and/or interest to be in question, as well as when required by regulatory requirements. Loans to customers whose financial conditions have deteriorated are considered for nonaccrual status whether or not the loan is days or more past due. Generally, payments received on nonaccrual loans are recorded as principal reductions. Loans are returned to accrual status only when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. The Company does not recognize interest income while loans are on nonaccrual status. 
 
 21 

C I loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer and other loans Total 
 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual with No ACL Nonaccrual with an ACL Total Nonaccrual (1) 
 Accruing Loans Past Due 90 Days or More (Dollars in thousands) CRE loans C I loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer and other loans Total 
 __________________________________ 
 million and million, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 C I loans Residential mortgage loans Total 
 Collateral on loans is a significant portion of what secures collateral-dependent loans and significant changes to the fair value of the collateral can potentially impact ACL. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any significant changes to the extent to which collateral secured its collateral-dependent loans, due to general deterioration or from other factors. Real estate collateral securing CRE and C I loans consisted of commercial real estate properties including hotel/motel, building, office, gas station/carwash, residential mortgage, restaurant and land properties. Loans secured by other collateral are secured by assets of the underlying businesses of the borrowers or borrowers net worth. 
 
 22 

million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. The Company has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable in its estimates of expected credit losses because the Company writes off uncollectible accrued interest receivable in a timely manner. The Company considers writing off accrued interest amounts once the amounts become 90 days past due to be considered within a timely manner. The Company has elected to write off accrued interest receivable by reversing interest income. 
 C I loans Residential mortgage loans Total 
 C I loans Residential mortgage loans Consumer and other loans Total Past Due 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, including, but not limited to, current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends. Homogeneous loans (i.e., home mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, overdraft loans, express business loans, and automobile loans) are not risk rated and credit risk is analyzed largely by the number of days past due. This analysis is performed at least on a quarterly basis. 
 The definitions for risk ratings are as follows: 
 Pass: Loans that meet a preponderance or more of the Company s underwriting criteria and evidence an acceptable level of risk. 
 Special Mention: Loans that have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard: Loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or by the collateral pledged, if any. Loans in this classification have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the repayment of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful: Loans that have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or repayment in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 
 23 

Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs C I loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful / loss Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Residential mortgage loans Pass Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Consumer and other loans Pass Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Total loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful / loss Total Total year-to-date gross charge offs 
 24 

Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs C I loans Pass Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Residential mortgage loans Pass Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Consumer and other loans Pass Special mention Substandard Subtotal Year-to-date gross charge offs Total loans Pass Special mention Substandard Total Total year-to-date gross charge offs 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, there were revolving loans converted to term loans. 
 
 25 

C I loans Total 
 , at which point loss assumptions revert back to historical loss information by means of a reversion period. Included in the quantitative portion of the ACL analysis are inputs such as borrowers net operating income, debt coverage ratios, real estate collateral values, as well as factors that are more subjective or require management s judgment, including key macroeconomic variables from Moody s forecast scenarios such as GDP, unemployment rates, interest rates, and CRE prices. These key inputs are utilized in the Company s models to develop PD and LGD assumptions used in the calculation of estimated quantitative losses. 
 The ACL for the Company s construction, credit card, and certain consumer loans is calculated based on a non-modeled approach that utilizes historical loss rates to estimate losses. A non-modeled approach was chosen for these loans as fewer data points exist, which could result in high levels of estimated loss volatility under a modeled approach. In the aggregate, non-modeled loans represented less than of the Company s total loan portfolio at September 30, 2024. 
 26 

basis points for each loan type pool. This matrix considers the following seven factors, which are patterned after the guidelines provided under the Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Credit Losses, updated to reflect the adoption of CECL: 
 Changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge off, and recovery practices; 
 Changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio; 
 Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; 
 Changes in the trends of the volume and severity of past due loans, classified loans, nonaccrual loans, and other loan modifications; 
 Changes in the quality of the loan review system and the degree of oversight by the management and the Board of Directors; 
 The existence and effect of any concentrations of credit, and changes in the level of such concentrations; and 
 The effect of external factors, such as competition, legal requirements, and regulatory requirements on the level of estimated losses in the loan portfolio. 
 For loans that do not share similar risk characteristics such as nonaccrual loans above million, the Company evaluates these loans on an individual basis in accordance with ASC 326. Such nonaccrual loans are considered to have different risk profiles than performing loans and are therefore evaluated individually. The Company elected to collectively assess nonaccrual loans with balances below million along with the performing and accrual loans, in order to reduce the operational burden of individually assessing small nonaccrual loans with immaterial balances. For individually assessed loans, the ACL is measured using either 1) the present value of future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; 2) the loan s observable market price; or 3) the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral-dependent. For the collateral-dependent loans, the Company obtains a new appraisal to determine the fair value of collateral. The appraisals are based on an as-is valuation. To ensure that appraised values remain current, the Company either obtains updated appraisals every twelve months from a qualified independent appraiser or an internal evaluation of the collateral is performed by qualified personnel. If the third-party market data indicates that the value of the collateral property has declined since the most recent valuation date, management adjusts the value of the property downward to reflect current market conditions. If the fair value of the collateral is less than the amortized balance of the loan, the Company recognizes an ACL with a corresponding charge to the provision for credit loss on loans. 
 The Company maintains a separate ACL for its off-balance-sheet unfunded loan commitments. The Company uses an estimated funding rate to allocate an allowance to undrawn exposures. This funding rate is used as a credit conversion factor to capture how much undrawn lines of credit can potentially become drawn at any point. The funding rate is determined based on a look-back period of eight quarters. Credit loss is not estimated for off-balance-sheet credit exposures that are unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 
 27 

thousand, net of tax. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2022-02, the new guidance is applied uniformly to the Company s entire loan portfolio when estimating expected credit losses. 
 Interest rate reduction Payment delay Term extension Total Loan Modifications of Loan Class 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 CRE Loans C I Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loans Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Principal forgiveness Interest rate reduction Payment delay Term extension Total Loan Modifications of Loan Class 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 CRE Loans C I Loans Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer and Other Loans Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Principal forgiveness Interest rate reduction Payment delay Term extension Total Loan Modifications of Loan Class 
 28 

Interest rate reduction Payment delay Term extension Total Loan Modifications of Loan Class 
 The following tables describe the financial effect of the loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the periods presented: 
 Financial Effect Modification Loan Types Description of Financial Effect Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Principal forgiveness C I loans Forgiveness of principal totaling: million 
 million 
 Term extension CRE loans Extended term by a weighted average of: years years C I loans Extended term by a weighted average of: years years 
 Financial Effect Modification Loan Types Description of Financial Effect Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Term extension CRE loans Extended term by a weighted average of: years years C I loans Extended term by a weighted average of: years years 
 The Company closely monitors the performance of the loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. All loans that have been modified within the previous 12 months to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty were current at September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 There were loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that had payment defaults during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and that were modified in the 12 months prior to default. 
 29 

7. 
 to years at September 30, 2024. Certain lease arrangements contain extension options, which are typically around years. As these extension options are not generally considered reasonably certain of exercise, they are not included in the lease term. 
 The table below summarizes supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Operating lease ROU assets Current portion of long-term lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities 
 The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to present value lease payments in order to recognize a ROU asset and the related lease liability. The Company calculates its incremental borrowing rate by adding a spread to the FHLB borrowing interest rate at a given period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company extended leases and did enter into any new lease contracts. Lease extension terms ranged from three to and the Company reassessed the ROU assets and lease liabilities related to these leases. 
 The Company wrote off thousand in operating ROU assets resulting from the branch consolidation of location during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There was impairment on operating ROU assets during the same period of 2024. 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 
 Rent expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was million and million, respectively. Rent expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, was million and million, respectively. 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities, net Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 30 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease obligations 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had operating lease commitments that had not yet commenced. On October 1, 2024, the Company sold of its branches located in Virginia (Annandale and Centreville) to PromiseOne Bank, a Georgia state bank. As part of the transaction, PromiseOne Bank took over the Company s lease liabilities related to the branch locations sold. 
 The Company did not have any finance leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 31 

8. 
 billion at September 30, 2024, were down million, or , from billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations of more than 250 thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was billion and billion, respectively. Included in time deposits of more than 250 thousand was million in California State Treasurer s deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The California State Treasurer s deposits are subject to withdrawal based on the State s periodic evaluations. The Company is required to pledge eligible collateral of at least of outstanding deposits. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, securities with fair values of approximately million and million, respectively, and a million letter of credit issued by the FHLB, were pledged as collateral for the California State Treasurer s deposits. 
 Brokered deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, totaled billion and billion, respectively. Brokered deposits at September 30, 2024, consisted of million in money market and NOW accounts and million in time deposit accounts. Brokered deposits at December 31, 2023, consisted of million in money market and NOW accounts and billion in time deposit accounts. 
 The aggregate amount of unplanned overdrafts of demand deposits that were reclassified as loans was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Money market and NOW accounts Savings deposits Time deposits Total deposits 
 On March 28, 2024, the Bank entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with PromiseOne Bank, a Georgia state bank, to sell the deposits, other liabilities, and certain physical assets of the Bank s branches located in Virginia. The sale of the branches was completed on October 1, 2024 and as part of this transaction a total of million in deposits was transferred to PromiseOne Bank. 
 32 

9. 
 million, compared with billion at December 31, 2023. All of the Company s borrowings at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, had maturities of less than 12 months. 
 FRB Discount Window Unsecured Federal Funds lines Total 
 December 31, 2023 Total Borrowing Capacity Borrowings Outstanding Available Borrowing Capacity Amount Weighted Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) FHLB FRB Discount Window BTFP Unsecured Federal Funds lines Total 
 The Company maintains a line of credit with the FHLB of San Francisco as a secondary source of funds. The borrowing capacity with the FHLB is limited to the lower of either of the Bank s total assets or the Bank s collateral capacity. The terms of this credit facility require the Company to pledge eligible collateral with the FHLB equal to at least of outstanding advances. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, loans with a carrying amount of billion and billion were pledged at the FHLB for outstanding advances and remaining borrowing capacity, respectively. At September 30, 2024, other than FHLB stock, no securities were pledged as collateral to the FHLB. The purchase of FHLB stock is a prerequisite to become a member of the FHLB system, and the Company is required to own a certain amount of FHLB stock based on total asset size and outstanding borrowings. 
 As a member of the FRB system, the Bank may also borrow from the FRB discount window. The maximum amount that the Bank may borrow from the FRB s discount window is up to of the fair market value of the qualifying loans and securities that are pledged. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of the qualifying loans pledged at the FRB discount window was million. There were investment securities pledged at the discount window at September 30, 2024. 
 The Company availed itself of the BTFP, which was created in March 2023 to enhance banking system liquidity by allowing institutions to pledge certain securities at par value and borrow at a rate of ten basis points over the one-year overnight index swap rate. The BTFP was available to federally insured depository institutions in the U.S., with advances having a term of up to one year with no prepayment penalties. In 2023, the BTFP was available to federally insured depository institutions in the U.S. at a fixed rate of ten basis points over the one-year overnight index swap rate, but in 2024, the interest rate was no lower than the interest rate on reserve balances in effect on the day the loan is made. The Company s outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2023 were not subject to the new rate. The BTFP ceased extending new advances in March 2024. All outstanding borrowings from the BTFP were paid off as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company also maintains unsecured federal funds borrowing lines with other banks. There were borrowings outstanding from other banks at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 33 

10. 
 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes maturing on May 15, 2038, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933. The convertible notes are not capital instruments but can be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial rate of 45.0760 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, which represented a premium of to the closing stock price on the date of the pricing of the notes). Holders of the convertible notes have the option to convert all or a portion of the notes at any time on or after February 15, 2023. The convertible notes can be called by the Company, in part or in whole, on or after May 20, 2023, for of the principal amount in cash. Holders of the convertible notes have the option to put the notes back to the Company on May 15, 2028, or May 15, 2033, for of the principal amount in cash. The convertible notes can be settled in cash, stock, or a combination of stock and cash at the option of the Company. 
 On May 15, 2023, most holders of the Company s convertible notes elected to exercise their optional put right and the Company paid off million principal amount of notes in cash. During 2023, the Company also repurchased its notes in the aggregate principal amount of million and recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of thousand. The repurchased notes were immediately cancelled subsequent to the repurchase. These repurchases are separate from the optional put and were made through a third-party broker. notes were repurchased or paid off in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 thousand. The capitalized issuance costs were fully amortized at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 thousand and thousand, respectively. Interest expense on the convertible notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, totaled thousand and million, respectively. 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had wholly owned subsidiary grantor trusts that had issued million of pooled trust preferred securities. Trust preferred securities accrue and pay distributions periodically at specified annual rates as provided in the indentures. The trusts used the net proceeds from the offering to purchase a like amount of subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures are the sole assets of the trusts. The Company s obligations under the subordinated debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the obligations of the trusts. The trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon the maturity of the subordinated debentures, or upon earlier redemption as provided in the indentures. The Company has the right to redeem the subordinated debentures in whole (but not in part) on a quarterly basis at a redemption price specified in the indentures plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date. The Company also has a right to defer consecutive payments of interest on the subordinated debentures for up to . 
 The following table is a summary of trust preferred securities and subordinated debentures at September 30, 2024: 
 Issuance Trust Issuance Date Trust Preferred Security Amount Carrying Value of Subordinated Debentures Rate Type Current Rate Maturity Date (Dollars in thousands) Nara Capital Trust III 06/05/2003 Variable 06/15/2033 Nara Statutory Trust IV 12/22/2003 Variable 01/07/2034 Nara Statutory Trust V 12/17/2003 Variable 12/17/2033 Nara Statutory Trust VI 03/22/2007 Variable 06/15/2037 Center Capital Trust I 12/30/2003 Variable 01/07/2034 Wilshire Trust II 03/17/2005 Variable 03/17/2035 Wilshire Trust III 09/15/2005 Variable 09/15/2035 Wilshire Trust IV 07/10/2007 Variable 09/15/2037 Saehan Capital Trust I 03/30/2007 Variable 06/30/2037 Total 
 
 34 

The carrying value of the subordinated debentures at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, acquired subordinated debentures had remaining discounts of million and million, respectively. The carrying balance of subordinated debentures is net of remaining discounts and includes common trust securities. 
 The Company s investment in the common trust securities of the issuer trusts was million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and is included in other assets. Although the subordinated debentures issued by the trusts are not included as a component of stockholders equity in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, the debt is treated as capital for regulatory purposes. The Company s trust preferred security debt issuances (less common trust securities) are includable in Tier 1 capital up to a maximum of of capital on an aggregate basis as they were grandfathered in under BASEL III. Any amount that exceeds qualifies as Tier 2 capital. 
 35 

11. 
 Interest rate collars ) Forward interest rate swaps Total ) Derivatives not designated as hedges Interest rate contracts with correspondent banks ) Interest rate contracts with customers ) Foreign exchange contracts with correspondent banks ) Foreign exchange contracts with customers Risk participation agreement ) Mortgage banking derivatives ) Total ) 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The fair values of centrally-cleared derivative contracts are presented net of settled-to-market margin. 
 
 36 

Interest rate collars Forward interest rate swaps Forward interest rate collars Total Derivatives not designated as hedges Interest rate contracts with correspondent banks Interest rate contracts with customers Foreign exchange contracts with correspondent banks Foreign exchange contracts with customers Risk participation agreement Mortgage banking derivatives Total 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The fair values of centrally-cleared derivative contracts are presented net of settled-to-market margin. 
 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 
 The Company s interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges were determined to be fully effective during the periods presented and were hedged to financial instruments tied to term SOFR and Federal Funds Rate. The aggregate fair value of the cash flow hedges are recorded in assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The gain or loss on derivatives is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI and is subsequently reclassified into interest income and interest expense in the period, during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to interest rate agreements will be reclassified to interest income and interest expense as interest payments are received or paid on the Company s derivatives. The Company expects the hedges to remain fully effective throughout the remaining terms. The Company expects to reclassify, during the next 12 months, approximately million, net of taxes, from AOCI as an increase to net interest income, net of a decrease of million from terminated swaps. 
 During 2024, the Company terminated million in notional value of forward-starting received fixed swaps set to mature through July 2027. The swaps were designated as cash flow hedges on the changes in cash flows associated with certain variable rate loans. The termination of the swaps was performed to reduce prolonged exposure to higher interest rates. Prior to the termination of the swaps, the change in value of the swaps was recorded through accumulated other comprehensive income. The unamortized fair value adjustments on terminated forward-starting received fixed swaps was million in pre-tax losses in AOCI at September 30, 2024, which will be amortized as a reduction to net interest income over an expected period of years. 
 37 

) Interest rate contracts Interest expense on deposits Interest rate contracts Interest expense on FHLB and FRB borrowings Total 
 Total cash held as collateral for interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges was at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges 
 The Company s derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain customers. 
 The Company offers a loan hedging program to certain loan customers. Through this program, the Company originates a variable rate loan with the customer. The Company and the customer will then enter into a fixed interest rate swap. Simultaneously, an identical offsetting swap is entered into by the Company with a correspondent bank. These back-to-back swap arrangements are intended to offset each other and allow the Company to book a variable rate loan, while providing the customer with a contract for fixed interest payments. In these arrangements, the Company s net cash flow is equal to the interest income received from the variable rate loan originated with the customer. These customer interest rate contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are recorded at fair value in other assets and other liabilities. The change in fair value is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as other income and fees. 
 The Company offers foreign exchange contracts to customers to purchase and/or sell foreign currencies at set rates in the future. The foreign exchange contracts allow customers to hedge the foreign exchange rate risk of their deposits and loans denominated in foreign currencies. In conjunction with this, the Company also enters into offsetting back-to-back contracts with institutional counterparties to hedge the Company s foreign exchange rate risk. The Company also enters into certain foreign exchange contracts with institutional counterparties, including non-deliverable forward contracts, to manage its foreign exchange rate risk. These foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and are recorded at fair value in other assets and other liabilities. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the changes in fair value on foreign exchange contracts were losses of thousand and thousand, respectively, and were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as other income and fees. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the changes in fair value on foreign exchange contracts were gains of thousand and thousand, respectively, and were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as other income and fees. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had risk participation agreements with an outside counterparty for interest rate swaps related to loans in which it is a participant. The risk participation agreements provide credit protection to the financial institution should the borrowers fail to perform on their interest rate derivative contracts. Risk participation agreements are credit derivatives not designated as hedges. Credit derivatives are not speculative and are not used to manage interest rate risk in assets or liabilities. Changes in the fair value of credit derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. The fee received, less the estimate of the loss for credit exposure, is recognized in earnings at the time of the transaction. 
 The Company enters into various stand-alone mortgage-banking derivatives in order to hedge the risk associated with the fluctuation of interest rates. Changes in fair value are recorded as mortgage banking revenue. Residential mortgage loans funded with interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments for the future delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors are considered derivatives. 
 38 

12. 
 
 Standby letters of credit Other letters of credit Commitments to fund affordable housing partnerships and CRA investments 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, commercial letters of credit, and commitments to fund investments in affordable housing partnerships and other CRA investments. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The estimated exposure to loss from these commitments is included in the reserve for unfunded loan commitments, which amounted to million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal claims. The Company has reviewed all legal claims against the Company with counsel and has taken into consideration the views of such counsel as to the potential outcome of the claims. Loss contingencies for all legal claims totaled thousand at September 30, 2024, and thousand at December 31, 2023. It is reasonably possible that the Company may incur losses in excess of the amounts currently accrued. However, at this time, the Company is unable to estimate the range of additional losses that are reasonably possible because of a number of factors, including the fact that certain of these litigation matters are still in their early stages. Management believes that none of these legal claims, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 
 
 39 

13. 
 million. There was impairment of goodwill recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets generated from business combinations and deemed to have indefinite lives are not subject to amortization and instead are tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level unless a triggering event occurs thereby requiring an updated assessment. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the sum of the estimated fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired less the estimated fair value of the liabilities assumed. Impairment exists when the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Company performed a qualitative assessment to test for impairment and management has concluded that there was no impairment. As the Company operates as single business unit, goodwill impairment was assessed based on the Company as a whole. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Amortization expense related to core deposit intangible assets totaled thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense related to core deposit intangible assets totaled thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 years ) ) 
 Servicing Assets 
 Total servicing assets at September 30, 2024, totaled million and comprised million in SBA servicing assets and million in mortgage related servicing assets. At December 31, 2023, servicing assets totaled million and comprised million in SBA servicing assets and million in mortgage related servicing assets. 
 Management periodically evaluates servicing assets for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to the carrying amount. Impairment is determined by stratifying rights into groupings based on loan type. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for an individual grouping, to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have a valuation allowance on its servicing assets. 
 Additions through originations of servicing assets Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Loans serviced for others are not reported as assets. The principal balances of loans serviced for other institutions were million at September 30, 2024, and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 40 

Constant prepayment rate Mortgage Servicing Assets: Weighted-average discount rate Constant prepayment rate 
 
 41 

14. 
 million on pretax income of million, representing an effective tax rate of , compared with an income tax provision of million on pretax income of million, representing an effective tax rate of for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an income tax provision totaling million on pretax income of million, representing an effective tax rate of , compared with an income tax provision of million on pretax income of million, representing an effective tax rate of for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as state income taxes. The Company had total unrecognized tax benefits of thousand at September 30, 2024, and thousand at December 31, 2023, that relate to uncertainties associated with federal and state income tax matters. 
 Management believes it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by thousand in the next twelve months due to the expiration of statute of limitations. 
 Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities (without regard to certain changes to deferred taxes). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 . 
 42 

15. 
 
 43 

. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and income approach. Adjustment may be made in the appraisal process by the independent appraiser to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available for similar loans and the underlying collateral. For C I and asset backed loans, independent valuations may include a - discount for eligible accounts receivable and a - discount for inventory. These result in a Level 3 classification. 
 OREO 
 OREO is fair valued at the time the loan is foreclosed upon and the asset is transferred to OREO. The value is based primarily on third party appraisals, less costs to sell of up to and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. OREO is reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted to lower of cost or market accordingly, based on the same factors identified above. 
 Loans Held For Sale 
 Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments from investors, or based on recent comparable sales (Level 2 inputs), if available. If Level 2 inputs are not available, carrying values are based on discounted cash flows using current market rates applied to the estimated life and credit risk (Level 3 inputs) or may be assessed based upon the fair value of the collateral, which is obtained from recent real estate appraisals (Level 3 inputs). These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 
 44 

Collateralized mortgage obligations Mortgage-backed securities: Residential Commercial Asset-backed securities Corporate securities Municipal securities Equity investments with readily determinable fair value Interest rate contracts Mortgage banking derivatives Other derivatives Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Mortgage banking derivatives Other derivatives 
 45 

U.S. Government agency and U.S. Government sponsored enterprises: Agency securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Mortgage-backed securities: Residential Commercial Asset-backed securities Corporate securities Municipal securities Equity investments with readily determinable fair value Interest rate contracts Mortgage banking derivatives Other derivatives Liabilities: Interest rate contracts Mortgage banking derivatives Other derivatives 
 There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Change in fair value included in other comprehensive income 
 ) ) Ending Balance Risk participation agreements: Beginning Balance Change in fair value included in income ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 46 

C I loans Loans held for sale, net 
 Fair Value Measurements at the End of the Reporting Period Using December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Collateral-dependent loans receivable at fair value: CRE loans C I loans Loans held for sale, net OREO 
 For assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, the total net losses, which include charge offs, recoveries, recorded ACL, valuations, and recognized gains and losses on sales are summarized below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Collateral-dependent loans receivable at fair value: CRE loans ) ) ) ) C I loans ) ) ) ) Loans held for sale, net ) ) ) ) OREO ) ) 
 
 47 

Collateral Fair Value Selling cost Enterprise Value Discount Asset Fair Value Discount - December 31, 2023 Collateral dependent loans Collateral Fair Value Selling cost - Asset Fair Value Discount Rate OREO Property Fair Value Selling cost 
 48 

Level 1 Investment securities HTM Level 2 Equity investments without readily determinable fair values Level 2 Loans held for sale Level 2 Loans receivable, net Level 3 Accrued interest receivable Level 2/3 Servicing assets, net Level 3 Customers liabilities on acceptances Level 2 Financial Liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits Level 2 Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits Level 2 Time deposits Level 2 FHLB borrowings Level 2 Convertible notes Level 1 Subordinated debentures Level 3 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Acceptances outstanding Level 2 December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Fair Value Measurement Using (Dollars in thousands) Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Level 1 Investment securities HTM Level 2 Equity investments without readily determinable fair values Level 2 Loans held for sale Level 2 Loans receivable, net Level 3 Accrued interest receivable Level 2/3 Servicing assets, net Level 3 Customers liabilities on acceptances Level 2 Financial Liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits Level 2 Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits Level 2 Time deposits Level 2 FHLB and FRB borrowings Level 2 Convertible notes, net Level 1 Subordinated debentures Level 3 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Acceptances outstanding Level 2 
 49 

50 

16. 
 billion, compared with billion at December 31, 2023. 
 In January 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of its common stock, of which an estimated million remained available at September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did repurchase any shares of common stock as part of this program (see Part II, Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds for additional information). 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid dividends of per common share. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid dividends of per common share.) ) ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) on investment securities AFS ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) on interest rate contracts used for cash flow hedges ) ) Reclassification adjustments for net gains realized in net income 
 ) ) ) ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) 
 Reclassifications for net gains and losses realized in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to net gains on interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges, amortization on unrealized losses from transferred investment securities to HTM, and net gains on sales of investment securities. Gains and losses on interest rate contracts are recorded in interest income and expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The unrealized holding losses at the date of transfer on securities HTM will continue to be reported, net of taxes, in AOCI as a component of stockholders equity and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities as an adjustment of yield, offsetting the impact on yield of the corresponding discount amortization. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reclassified net gains of million and million on interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges, respectively, from other comprehensive income to net interest income, compared with million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a reclassification adjustment of thousand and million, respectively, from other comprehensive income to a reduction of interest income, to amortize transferred unrealized losses to investment securities HTM, compared with thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reclassified net losses of thousand and net gains of thousand on the sale of investment securities AFS, respectively, from other comprehensive income to noninterest income, compared with for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

51 

17. 
 shares available for grant to participants. At September 30, 2024, there were remaining shares available for future grants under the 2024 Plan. The pool of available shares can be partially replenished for future grants to the extent there are forfeitures, expirations or otherwise terminations of existing equity awards without issuance of the shares underlying such awards. The exercise price for shares under an ISO may not be less than of fair market value on the date the award is granted under the Code. Similarly, under the terms of the 2024 Plan, the exercise price for SARs and NQSOs may not be less than of fair market value on the date of grant. Performance units are awarded to participants at the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of award, after the lapse of the restriction period and the attainment of the performance criteria. All options not exercised generally expire years after the date of grant. 
 The shares of common stock previously available under the 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2019 Plan will no longer be available for future grant. 
 ISOs, SARs, and NQSOs have vesting periods of three to and have -year contractual terms. Restricted stock, performance shares, and performance units are granted with a restriction period of not less than from the grant date for performance-based awards and not more than from the grant date for time-based vesting of grants. Compensation expense for awards is recognized over the vesting period. 
 With the exception of the shares that are underlying stock options and restricted stock awards, the Board of Directors may choose to settle the awards by paying the equivalent cash value or by delivering the appropriate number of shares. 
 Granted Exercised Expired ) Forfeited Outstanding - September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable - September 30, 2024 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding (unvested) - September 30, 2024 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock and performance units vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. 
 52 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, million and million, respectively, of stock-based payment arrangements were charged against income. The income tax benefit recognized was approximately thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with thousand and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Since all stock option grants were vested at September 30, 2024, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option grants. Unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock and performance units at September 30, 2024 was million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 
 53 

18. 
 
 54 

N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Leverage capital (to average assets): Company N/A N/A Bank N/A 
 Actual Ratio Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes Ratio Required To Be Well-Capitalized Ratio Required for Minimum Capital Adequacy With Capital Conservation Buffer December 31, 2023 Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Leverage capital (to average assets): Company N/A N/A Bank N/A 
 
 55 

19. 
 Customer analysis charges NSF charges Other service charges Total noninterest bearing deposit account income Interest bearing deposit account income: Monthly service charges Total service fees on deposit accounts Wire transfer fee income: Wire transfer fees Foreign exchange fees Total wire transfer and foreign currency fees 
 
 56 

20. 
 million in a solar tax credit investment fund. The Company expects to receive tax benefits in the form of tax deductions from its investment in the solar tax credit investment. Most of the tax credits are expected to be recorded in 2024 and 2025, which will reduce the Company s overall effective tax rate for these years. The Company will account for the solar tax credit investments using the proportional amortization method. 
 
 57 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Hope Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company of Bank of Hope, a multi-regional bank in the United States with 17.35 billion in total assets at September 30, 2024, and headquartered in Los Angeles, California. From its roots as the largest Korean American bank in the United States, Bank of Hope has grown to serve a multi-ethnic population of customers across the nation through its network of branches and loan production offices. The Bank also operates a representative office in Seoul, Korea to serve its growing base of multi-national commercial and consumer customers. The Bank provides a full suite of consumer and commercial loans, deposit accounts and fee-based products and services, including CRE, C I, SBA, residential mortgage and other consumer lending, treasury management services and trade finance, foreign currency exchange transactions, and interest rate contracts. 
 At September 30, 2024, Bank of Hope operated 48 full-service branches and loan production offices in California, New York, Texas, Washington, Illinois, New Jersey, Virginia, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Colorado, and Oregon, as well as a representative office in Seoul, South Korea. Bank of Hope is a California-chartered bank, and its deposits are insured by the FDIC to the extent provided by law. Bank of Hope is an Equal Opportunity Lender. 
 The Bank s principal business involves earning interest on loans and investment securities, primarily funded by deposits and borrowings. Operating income and net income are derived primarily from the difference between interest income received from interest earning assets and interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities and, to a lesser extent, from fees received in connection with servicing loan and deposit accounts, providing fee-based products and services, and income from the sale of loans. Major expenses are the interest paid on deposits and borrowings, provisions for credit losses and general operating expenses, which primarily consist of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy costs, and other operating expenses. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, such as changes in the national economy and in the related monetary policies of the FRB, inflation, unemployment, consumer spending, political changes, and other events. We cannot predict the impact that these factors and future changes in domestic and foreign economic and political conditions might have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 58 

Selected Financial Data 
 The following tables set forth a performance overview concerning the periods indicated and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the following Results of Operations and Financial Condition sections of this MD A. 
 At or for the Three Months Ended September 30, At or for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Income Statement Data: Interest income 235,084 275,793 727,359 779,654 Interest expense 130,275 140,415 401,643 379,709 Net interest income 104,809 135,378 325,716 399,945 Provision for credit losses 3,280 16,862 7,280 29,192 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 101,529 118,516 318,436 370,753 Noninterest income 11,839 8,305 31,196 36,297 Noninterest expense 81,268 86,811 247,094 262,768 Income before income tax provision 32,100 40,010 102,538 144,282 Income tax provision 7,941 9,961 27,245 37,090 Net income 24,159 30,049 75,293 107,192 Per Share Data: Earnings per common share - basic 0.20 0.25 0.62 0.89 Earnings per common share - diluted 0.20 0.25 0.62 0.89 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.14 0.14 0.42 0.42 Book value per common share (period end) 17.97 16.92 17.97 16.92 Tangible common equity TCE per share (period end) (1) 
 14.10 13.01 14.10 13.01 TCE ratio (period end) (1) 
 10.08 7.96 10.08 7.96 Common Share Count: Number of common shares outstanding (period end) 
 120,737,908 120,026,220 120,737,908 120,026,220 Weighted average shares - basic 120,734,581 120,020,567 120,529,535 119,843,382 Weighted average shares - diluted 121,159,977 120,374,618 121,027,793 120,249,952 Selected Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (2) 
 0.56 0.60 0.56 0.72 Return on average stockholders equity (2) 
 4.52 5.78 4.73 6.92 Return on average tangible equity (1) (2) 
 5.78 7.47 6.07 8.95 Dividend payout ratio (dividends per share/diluted EPS) 70.21 56.09 67.51 47.12 Net interest margin (2) (3) 
 2.55 2.83 2.57 2.84 Efficiency ratio (4) 
 69.67 60.42 69.23 60.23 
 
 59 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Sheet Data: Assets 17,369,169 20,059,304 17,920,176 19,875,322 Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks 570,754 2,106,469 1,004,606 1,531,561 Investment securities AFS and HTM 2,182,847 2,275,133 2,224,972 2,255,839 Loans 13,574,539 14,550,106 13,637,335 14,961,058 Deposits 14,721,739 15,707,585 14,706,795 15,754,009 FHLB FRB borrowings 120,326 1,809,322 672,332 1,558,493 Stockholders equity 2,139,861 2,079,092 2,121,169 2,066,157 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Statement of Financial Condition Data - at Period End: Assets 17,354,189 20,076,364 Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks 510,183 2,275,037 Investment securities AFS and HTM 2,177,301 2,260,837 Loans receivable 13,617,988 14,306,193 Deposits 14,729,498 15,739,859 FHLB and FRB borrowings 100,000 1,795,726 Convertible notes and subordinated debentures, net 109,249 107,949 Stockholders equity 2,169,785 2,030,424 Consolidated Regulatory Capital Ratios (5) 
 Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 13.07 11.67 Tier 1 capital ratio 13.79 12.32 Total capital ratio 14.82 13.23 Leverage ratio (6) 
 11.61 9.83 Asset Quality Ratios: Allowance for credit losses to loans receivable 1.13 1.11 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 147.94 406.36 Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable 0.76 0.27 Nonperforming loans to loans receivable 0.76 0.42 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.60 0.31 
 _____________________________________________ 
 
 (1) TCE per share, TCE ratio, and return on average tangible equity are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide investors with information useful in understanding our operating results and financial condition. A quantitative reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is provided on the following page. 
 (2) Annualized. 
 (3) Net interest margin is calculated by dividing annualized net interest income by average total interest earning assets. 
 (4) Efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income before provision for credit losses and noninterest income. 
 (5) The ratios generally required to meet the definition of a well-capitalized financial institution under certain banking regulations are 5.0 leverage capital ratio, 6.5 common equity tier 1 capital ratio, 8.0 tier 1 capital ratio, and 10.0 total capital ratio. 
 (6) Calculations are based on quarterly average asset balances. 
 60 

Non-GAAP Financial Measurements 
 We provide certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide investors with meaningful supplemental information that is useful in understanding our operating results and financial condition. The methodologies for calculating non-GAAP measures may differ among companies. The following tables reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures used in this Form 10-Q to the most comparable GAAP performance measures. 
 Tangible book value per common share is calculated by subtracting goodwill and core deposit intangible assets from total stockholders equity, then dividing the difference by the number of shares of common stock outstanding. TCE ratio is calculated by subtracting goodwill and core deposit intangible assets from total stockholders equity, then dividing the difference by total assets after subtracting goodwill and core deposit intangible assets. 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Total stockholders equity 2,169,785 2,030,424 Less: Goodwill and core deposit intangible assets, net (467,182) (468,832) TCE 1,702,603 1,561,592 Total assets 17,354,189 20,076,364 Less: Goodwill and core deposit intangible assets, net (467,182) (468,832) Tangible assets 16,887,007 19,607,532 Common shares outstanding 120,737,908 120,026,220 Tangible book value per common share 14.10 13.01 TCE ratio 10.08 7.96 
 Return on average tangible equity is calculated by dividing net income for the period (annualized) by average stockholders equity for the period after subtracting average goodwill and core deposit intangible assets for the period from average stockholders equity. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net income 24,159 30,049 75,293 107,192 Average stockholders equity 2,139,861 2,079,092 2,121,169 2,066,157 Less: Average goodwill and core deposit intangible assets, net (467,419) (469,079) (467,822) (469,525) Average tangible equity 1,672,442 1,610,013 1,653,347 1,596,632 Return on average tangible equity (annualized) 5.78 7.47 6.07 8.95 
 
 61 

Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 24.2 million, or 0.20 per diluted common share, compared with 30.0 million, or 0.25 per diluted common share, for the same period of 2023, which was a decrease of 5.9 million, or 19.6 . The year-over-year decrease in net income was primarily due to a decrease in net interest income, offset partially by decreases in the provision for credit losses and noninterest expense, and an increase in noninterest income. 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 75.3 million, or 0.62 per diluted common share, compared with 107.2 million, or 0.89 per diluted share, for the same period of 2023, which was a decrease of 31.9 million, or 29.8 . The decrease in net income was primarily due to decreases in net interest income and noninterest income, offset partially by decreases in the provision for credit losses and noninterest expense. 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin 
 Net Interest Income 
 A principal component of our earnings is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest and fees earned on loans and investments, and the interest paid on deposits, borrowed funds, and convertible notes. Net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest earning assets is referred to as the net interest margin. The net interest spread is the yield on average interest earning assets less the cost of average interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by changes in the balances of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, changes in yields earned on interest earning assets, and changes in rates paid on interest bearing liabilities. 
 Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income before provision for credit losses was 104.8 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared with 135.4 million for the same period of 2023, a decrease of 30.6 million, or 22.6 . The year-over-year decrease in net interest income was driven by a decrease in the average balances of loans and interest earning cash and deposits at other banks and an increase in total cost of deposits, partially offset by a decrease in the average balance of interest bearing liabilities. The decrease in the average balance of loans reflected elevated payoffs in a high interest rate environment. The decrease in the average balance of interest earning cash and deposits in other banks was attributable to the payoff of FRB BTFP borrowings, which matured in the first half of 2024, with interest earning cash. The year-over-year increase in deposit costs was due to an increase in costs of all of our interest bearing deposit types. 
 Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income before provision for credit losses was 325.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 399.9 million for the same period of 2023, a decrease of 74.2 million, or 18.6 . The year-over-year decrease in net interest income was driven by a higher cost of funds and a decrease in the average balance of interest earning assets, partially offset by expanding yields on interest earning assets and a decrease in the average balance of interest bearing liabilities. 
 Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest margin is impacted by the weighted average rates earned on interest earning assets and paid on interest bearing liabilities. The net interest margin for the third quarter of 2024 was 2.55 , a decrease of 28 basis points from 2.83 for the same period of 2023. The net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 2.57 , a decrease of 27 basis points from 2.84 for the same period of 2023. The decrease in net interest margin was primarily due to a higher cost of funds, and a decrease in average loans, partially offset by the net impact of paying off FRB BTFP borrowings, which matured in the first half of 2024, and a decrease in average interest bearing deposits. 
 The weighted average yield on loans decreased to 6.16 for the third quarter of 2024, down 11 basis points from 6.27 for the same period of 2023. The year-over-year decrease in average yields was driven by a decline in yields on new loan originations and the downward repricing of variable rate loans, reflecting the decrease in benchmark interest rates in the third quarter of 2024. The weighted average yield on loans increased by 20 basis points to 6.20 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, up from 6.00 for the same period of 2023. The year-over-year increase in average yields was driven by the upward repricing of variable rate loans, reflecting higher benchmark interest rates in 2024 versus 2023. At September 30, 2024, variable interest rate loans made up 45 of the loan portfolio. 
 
 62 

The weighted average yield on investment securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.05 and 3.10 , respectively, compared with 2.97 and 2.83 for the same periods of 2023, respectively. The increase in average yields was primarily due to higher rates on new purchases of investment securities, and an upward repricing of variable rate investments. At September 30, 2024, 13 of the investment portfolio consisted of securities with variable coupon rates. The change in yields was also impacted by fluctuations in the overall investment portfolio yield due to the change in pay-down speeds of investment securities. 
 The weighted average yield on interest earning cash and deposits at other banks for the third quarter of 2024 was 5.23 , a decrease of 7 basis points from 5.30 for the same period of 2023. The weighted average yield on interest earning cash and deposits at other banks for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 5.32 , an increase of 23 basis points from 5.09 for the same period of 2023. The yield on interest earning cash and deposits at other banks is tied to the Federal Funds rate. 
 The weighted average cost of deposits for the third quarter of 2024 was 3.44 , an increase of 46 basis points from 2.98 for the same period of 2023. The weighted average cost of deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.40 , an increase of 68 basis points from 2.72 for the same period of 2023. The year-over-year increase in the cost of deposits was driven by rising market interest rates, a remix of deposits into higher-cost categories due to customer preferences for higher rates, and deposit pricing competition. 
 The weighted average cost of FHLB and FRB borrowings for the third quarter of 2024 was 1.09 , a decrease of 326 basis points from 4.35 for the same period of 2023. The weighted average cost of FHLB and FRB borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 3.90 , a decrease of 40 basis points from 4.30 for the same period of 2023. The year-over-year decrease in the cost of FHLB and FRB borrowings primarily reflected the payoff of 1.70 billion in FRB BTFP borrowings, which had a weighted average rate of 4.47 , and the impact of our cash flow hedges which reduced interest expense on borrowing starting in the second quarter of 2024. 
 The weighted average cost of subordinated debentures for the third quarter of 2024 was 10.28 , a decrease of 8 basis points from 10.36 for the same period of 2023. The weighted average cost of subordinated debentures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 10.35 , an increase of 48 basis points from 9.87 for the same period of 2023. The subordinated debentures have variable interest rates that are tied to the three-month Chicago Mercantile Exchange term Secured Financing Overnight Rate SOFR rate, and the three-month LIBOR rate prior to LIBOR cessation at June 2023. 
 
 63 

The following tables present our consolidated daily average balance of major assets and liabilities, together with interest rates earned and paid on the various sources and uses of funds for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST EARNINGS ASSETS: Loans (1) (2) 
 13,574,539 210,022 6.16 14,550,106 229,937 6.27 Investment securities AFS and HTM (3) 
 2,182,847 16,741 3.05 2,275,133 17,006 2.97 Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks 570,754 7,507 5.23 2,106,469 28,115 5.30 FHLB stock and other investments 48,956 814 6.61 47,316 735 6.16 Total interest earning assets 16,377,096 235,084 5.71 18,979,024 275,793 5.77 Total noninterest earning assets 992,073 1,080,280 Total assets 17,369,169 20,059,304 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES: Deposits: Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits 4,963,727 50,707 4.06 4,533,430 38,814 3.40 Time deposits 6,053,924 76,486 5.03 6,862,038 79,040 4.57 Total interest bearing deposits 11,017,651 127,193 4.59 11,395,468 117,854 4.10 FHLB and FRB borrowings 120,326 329 1.09 1,809,322 19,821 4.35 Convertible notes, net 444 2 2.00 444 2 2.00 Subordinated debentures, net 104,708 2,751 10.28 103,429 2,738 10.36 Total interest bearing liabilities 11,243,129 130,275 4.61 13,308,663 140,415 4.19 Noninterest bearing liabilities and equity: Noninterest bearing demand deposits 3,704,088 4,312,117 Other liabilities 282,091 359,432 Stockholders equity 2,139,861 2,079,092 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 17,369,169 20,059,304 Net interest income/net interest spread (not annualized) 104,809 1.10 135,378 1.58 Net interest margin 2.55 2.83 Cost of deposits 3.44 2.98 
 __________________________________ 
 Annualized 
 (1) Interest income on loans includes loan fees. 
 (2) Average balances of loans consist of loans receivable and loans held for sale. 
 (3) Interest income and yields are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 64 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST EARNINGS ASSETS: Loans (1) (2) 
 13,637,335 633,331 6.20 14,961,058 671,543 6.00 Investment securities AFS and HTM (3) 
 2,224,972 51,619 3.10 2,255,839 47,665 2.83 Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks 1,004,606 39,974 5.32 1,531,561 58,332 5.09 FHLB stock and other investments 48,520 2,435 6.70 47,135 2,114 6.00 Total interest earning assets 16,915,433 727,359 5.74 18,795,593 779,654 5.55 Total noninterest earning assets 1,004,743 1,079,729 Total assets 17,920,176 19,875,322 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES: Deposits: Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits 4,994,958 149,560 4.00 4,871,624 116,090 3.19 Time deposits 5,987,121 224,243 5.00 6,436,645 203,836 4.23 Total interest bearing deposits 10,982,079 373,803 4.55 11,308,269 319,926 3.78 FHLB and FRB borrowings 672,332 19,612 3.90 1,558,493 50,141 4.30 Convertible notes, net 444 6 2.00 103,933 1,922 2.47 Subordinated debentures, net 104,380 8,222 10.35 103,117 7,720 9.87 Total interest bearing liabilities 11,759,235 401,643 4.56 13,073,812 379,709 3.88 Noninterest bearing liabilities and equity: Noninterest bearing demand deposits 3,724,716 4,445,740 Other liabilities 315,056 289,613 Stockholders equity 2,121,169 2,066,157 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 17,920,176 19,875,322 Net interest income/net interest spread (not annualized) 325,716 1.18 399,945 1.67 Net interest margin 2.57 2.84 Cost of deposits 3.40 2.72 
 __________________________________ 
 Annualized 
 (1) Interest income on loans includes loan fees. 
 (2) Average balances of loans consist of loans receivable and loans held for sale. 
 (3) Interest income and yields are not presented on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 65 

Changes in net interest income are a function of changes in interest rates and volumes of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. The following table sets forth information regarding the changes in interest income and interest expense for the periods indicated. The total change for each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities is segmented into the change attributable to variations in volume (changes in volume multiplied by the old rate) and the change attributable to variations in interest rates (changes in rates multiplied by the old volume). Nonaccrual loans are included in average loans used to compute this table. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 over September 30, 2023 Net Increase (Decrease) Change due to: Rate Volume (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST INCOME: Loans, including fees (19,915) (4,267) (15,648) Investment securities AFS and HTM (265) 462 (727) Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks (20,608) (330) (20,278) FHLB stock and other investments 79 54 25 Total interest income (40,709) (4,081) (36,628) INTEREST EXPENSE: Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits 11,893 7,932 3,961 Time deposits (2,554) 7,347 (9,901) FHLB and FRB borrowings (19,492) (8,682) (10,810) Convertible notes, net Subordinated debentures, net 13 (20) 33 Total interest expense (10,140) 6,577 (16,717) NET INTEREST INCOME (30,569) (10,658) (19,911) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 over September 30, 2023 Net Increase (Decrease) Change due to: Rate Volume (Dollars in thousands) INTEREST INCOME: Loans, including fees (38,212) 22,263 (60,475) Investment securities AFS and HTM 3,954 4,609 (655) Interest earning cash and deposits at other banks (18,358) 2,463 (20,821) FHLB stock and other investments 321 257 64 Total interest income (52,295) 29,592 (81,887) INTEREST EXPENSE: Money market, interest bearing demand and savings deposits 33,470 30,852 2,618 Time deposits 20,407 35,322 (14,915) FHLB and FRB borrowings (30,529) (4,337) (26,192) Convertible notes, net (1,916) (305) (1,611) Subordinated debentures, net 502 400 102 Total interest expense 21,934 61,932 (39,998) NET INTEREST INCOME (74,229) (32,340) (41,889) 
 66 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses reflects management s assessment of the current period cost associated with credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The provision for credit losses for each period includes provision for credit loss on loans and provision for unfunded loan commitments. Provision for credit loss on loans is dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, assessments by management, examinations of the loan portfolio, the value of the underlying collateral on problem loans, the general economic conditions in our market areas, and future projections of the economy. Specifically, the provision for credit loss on loans represents the amount charged against current period earnings to achieve an allowance for credit losses that, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable lifetime losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Provision for unfunded loan commitments is based on the estimated future funding of loan commitments. Periodic fluctuations in the provision for credit losses result from management s assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses and allowance for unfunded loan commitments, and actual credit losses may vary in material respects from current estimates. If the allowances are inadequate, we may be required to record additional provisions, which may have a material and adverse effect on business, financial condition, and results of operations . 
 The provision for credit losses includes both provision for credit loss on loans and provision for unfunded loan commitments. The provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2024 was 3.3 million, a decrease of 13.6 million from 16.9 million for the same period of the prior year. Provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.3 million, a decrease of 21.9 million from 29.2 million in provision for credit losses for the same period of the prior year. 
 The decline in provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a decline of 21.0 million in provision for credit losses on C I loans offset partially by an increase in provision for credit losses on CRE loans totaling 6.5 million. The higher third quarter 2023 provision for credit losses on C I loans reflected higher charge-offs while the increase in the provision for credit losses for CRE loans reflects a reduction in the provision recapture for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, reflecting changes to macroeconomic variables 
 The decline in provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease of 11.5 million in provision for credit losses on residential mortgage loans and a decrease of 7.4 million in provision for credit losses on C I loans. The decline in provision for credit losses for residential mortgage loans was due to ACL model enhancements made during the second quarter of 2024 which reduced the ACL and provision required for residential mortgage loans. The decline in provision for credit losses for C I loans was primarily due to provision for credit losses for C I loans recorded during the third quarter of 2023 to reflect higher levels of charge offs. 
 The provision for unfunded loan commitments was 280 thousand and a recapture of provision for unfunded loan commitments of 1.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with a provision for unfunded loan commitments of 62 thousand and 1.8 million for the same periods of 2023, respectively. The year-over-year decrease to the year-to-date provision for unfunded loan commitments was due to lower balances of unfunded loan and trade finance commitments. 
 The allowance for credit losses coverage ratio was 1.13 of loans receivable at September 30, 2024, compared with 1.11 at September 30, 2023. 
 See the Financial Condition section of this MD A for additional information and further discussion. 
 
 67 

Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income is primarily comprised of service fees on deposit accounts, international service fees (fees received on trade finance letters of credit), wire transfer and foreign currency fees, swap fee income, net gains on sales of loans, and other income and fees. Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 11.8 million, compared with 8.3 million for the same period of 2023, an increase of 3.5 million, or 42.6 . Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 31.2 million, compared with 36.3 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 5.1 million, or 14.1 . 
 Noninterest income by category is summarized in the tables below: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) Service fees on deposit accounts 2,651 2,415 236 9.8 International service fees 711 740 (29) (3.9) Wire transfer and foreign currency fees 926 806 120 14.9 Swap fees 21 (61) 82 N/A Net gains on sales of SBA loans 2,722 2,722 100.0 Net losses on sales of investment securities AFS (326) (326) 100.0 Other income and fees 5,134 4,405 729 16.5 Total noninterest income 11,839 8,305 3,534 42.6 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) Service fees on deposit accounts 7,919 6,961 958 13.8 International service fees 2,441 2,682 (241) (9.0) Wire transfer and foreign currency fees 2,712 2,429 283 11.7 Swap fees 189 655 (466) (71.1) Net gains on sales of SBA loans 4,702 4,097 605 14.8 Net gains on sales of investment securities AFS 99 99 100.0 Other income and fees 13,134 19,473 (6,339) (32.6) Total noninterest income 31,196 36,297 (5,101) (14.1) 
 
 The year-over-year increase in third quarter noninterest income was primarily driven by gains on sales of SBA loans, of which there were none in the same period last year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease was mainly due to lower other income and fees, due to a 5.8 million cash distribution gain from investment in an affordable housing partnership in the second quarter of 2023 that did not recur in 2024. 
 The Bank resumed the sales of SBA guaranteed loans in the second quarter of 2024 due to improved premiums in the secondary markets, after retaining loan production on balance sheet starting in the second half of 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 41.4 million in SBA guaranteed loans and recorded 2.7 million in net gains on sale of SBA loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we sold 71.2 million in SBA loans and recorded 4.7 million in net gains on sale of SBA loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 we sold 79.1 million in SBA loans and recorded 4.1 million in net gains on sale of SBA loans; this production was sold in the first half of 2023. 
 Swap fee income represents fees earned from back to back swap transactions for our loan customers. The number of swap transactions and their total notional amounts decreased in 2024 which has resulted in a decrease in swap fee income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same periods in 2023. 
 
 68 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, other income and fees included a 5.8 million gain from a cash distribution from an investment in an affordable housing partnership, which was recorded in the second quarter of 2023, as well as gain of 405 thousand on debt extinguishment from our repurchase of convertible notes, which was also recorded in the second quarter of 2023. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other income and fees also included 234 thousand and 1.0 million, respectively, in fee income from our investment services line that was eliminated after 2023. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 was 81.3 million, a decrease of 5.5 million, or 6.4 , from 86.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 247.1 million, a decrease of 15.7 million, or 6.0 , from 262.8 million for the same period of the prior year. 
 The breakdown of changes in noninterest expense by category is shown in the following tables: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 44,160 51,033 (6,873) (13.5) Occupancy 6,940 7,149 (209) (2.9) Furniture and equipment 5,341 5,625 (284) (5.0) Data processing and communications 3,112 2,891 221 7.6 Professional fees 1,969 2,111 (142) (6.7) Amortization of investments in affordable housing partnerships 2,206 1,933 273 14.1 FDIC assessments 2,200 3,683 (1,483) (40.3) Earned interest credit expense 6,869 6,377 492 7.7 Restructuring-related costs 197 500 (303) (60.6) Merger-related costs 1,236 1,236 100.0 Other noninterest expense 7,038 5,509 1,529 27.8 Total noninterest expense 81,268 86,811 (5,543) (6.4) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Amount Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 135,844 160,507 (24,663) (15.4) Occupancy 20,632 21,637 (1,005) (4.6) Furniture and equipment 16,156 16,076 80 0.5 Data processing and communications 9,099 8,630 469 5.4 Professional fees 6,679 5,070 1,609 31.7 Amortization of investments in affordable housing partnerships 6,623 5,561 1,062 19.1 FDIC assessments 8,129 10,155 (2,026) (20.0) FDIC special assessment 691 691 100.0 Earned interest credit expense 18,842 15,894 2,948 18.5 Restructuring-related costs 1,175 500 675 135.0 Merger-related costs 3,869 3,869 100.0 Other noninterest expense 19,355 18,738 617 3.3 Total noninterest expense 247,094 262,768 (15,674) (6.0) 
 The year-over-year decrease in noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same periods in 2023, was primarily driven by lower salaries and employee benefits expense and lower FDIC assessment expense, excluding FDIC special assessment expense, partially offset by merger-related costs, restructuring-related costs and higher earned interest credits expense. 
 69 

Salaries and employee benefits expense decreased 6.9 million, or 13.5 , for the third quarter of 2024, compared with the same period of 2023, and decreased 24.7 million, or 15.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023. The year-over-year decrease in salaries and employee benefits reflected headcount reductions related to the Company s restructuring in late 2023. The number of full-time equivalent employees decreased to 1,236 at September 30, 2024, down from 1,446 at September 30, 2023. 
 FDIC assessments expense decreased by 1.5 million, or 40.3 , for the third quarter of 2024, compared with the same period of 2023, and decreased 2.0 million or 20.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same period in 2023. The FDIC assessment expense utilizes an initial base assessment rate, which is calculated as a percentage of the Bank s average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity. In addition to the initial assessment base, adjustments are added based upon the Bank s regulatory rating and on other financial measures. In 2023, the FDIC annual base assessment rate increased by two basis points industry-wide. In addition, in November 2023, the FDIC approved a special assessment at the rate of approximately 13.4 basis points per year, paid in eight quarterly installments beginning in the first quarter of 2024. This rate was applied to an assessment base of the insured depository institution s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first 5 billion in estimated uninsured deposits. In February 2024, the FDIC informed banks of an increase from the original estimate related to this special assessment. This additional amount was paid in two additional quarterly installments, at a rate of approximately 9.4 basis points per year on the same adjusted assessment base. The decrease in FDIC assessments expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with the same periods in 2023, was due primarily to lower average consolidated total assets and a lower assessment base. 
 Earned interest credits are provided to certain commercial depositors to help offset deposit service charges incurred. The earned interest credits are tied to short-term interest rates, and accordingly, earned interest credit expense increased with the increases in the Federal Funds rate since mid-2022. Earned interest credit expense increased to 6.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared with 6.4 million for the same period in 2023, and increased to 18.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 15.9 million in the year-ago period. 
 Restructuring-related costs of 197 thousand and 1.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily reflected professional fees related to the Company s strategic reorganization announced in October 2023. This compares to 500 thousand in restructuring-related costs for each of the three and nine ended September 30, 2023. 
 Merger-related costs of 1.2 million and 3.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily relate to professional fees for the definitive merger agreement with Territorial Bancorp, Inc. announced in April 2024. See Note 1 Hope Bancorp, Inc. to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the merger. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Income tax provision expense was 7.9 million and 27.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 10.0 million and 37.1 million for the same periods of 2023, respectively. The effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 24.74 and 26.57 , respectively, compared with 24.90 and 25.71 for the same periods of 2023, respectively. 
 We invest in affordable housing partnerships and receive tax credits that reduce our overall effective tax rate. Amortization of investments in affordable housing partnerships is recorded in noninterest expense based on benefit schedules of individual investment projects under the equity method of accounting. The benefit schedules show tax deductions investors can take each year. We amortize the initial cost of the investments in affordable housing partnerships. This amortization expense is more than offset by both tax credits received, which reduce our tax provision expense dollar for dollar, and the tax benefits related to any tax losses generated through the affordable housing project s expenditures. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total tax credits related to our investment in affordable housing partnerships were approximately 2.1 million and 6.4 million, respectively. This compares with approximately 2.0 million and 6.0 million in tax credits related to our investment in affordable housing partnerships for the same periods in 2023, respectively. 
 70 

Financial Condition 
 At September 30, 2024, total assets were 17.35 billion, a decrease of 1.78 billion, or 9.3 , from 19.13 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease in total assets was primarily due to decreases in cash and cash equivalents, which were used to pay off 1.70 billion of FRB BTFP borrowings, followed by smaller decreases in loans receivable and investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents of 680.9 million at September 30, 2024 , was down from 1.93 billion at December 31, 2023, primarily reflecting the full payoff of 1.70 billion of FRB BTFP borrowings with interest earning cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Investment Securities Portfolio 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 1.92 billion in investment securities AFS, compared with 2.15 billion at December 31, 2023. The net unrealized loss on the investment securities AFS at September 30, 2024, was 239.0 million, compared with a net unrealized loss on securities AFS of 284.7 million at December 31, 2023. The year-to-date decrease in net unrealized loss position reflected movements in market interest rates. At September 30, 2024, we had 256.3 million in investment securities HTM, compared with 263.9 million at December 31, 2023. We have the ability and intent to hold securities classified as HTM to maturity. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 136.5 million in investment securities were purchased, 125.3 million in investment securities were paid down, 131.7 million in investment securities matured and were called, and 157.7 million in investment securities AFS were sold. 
 We performed an analysis on our investment securities in unrealized loss positions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and determined that an allowance for credit losses was not required for investment securities AFS or HTM. The majority of our investment portfolio consists of securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, which were determined to have a zero loss expectation. At September 30, 2024, we also had five asset-backed securities, six corporate securities, and 44 municipal bonds not issued by U.S. Government agencies or U.S. Government sponsored enterprises that were in unrealized loss positions. Based on our analysis of these investment securities, we concluded a credit loss did not exist due to the strength of the issuers, high bond ratings, and because full payment of principal and interest is expected. 
 Equity Investments 
 Total equity investments include equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. Equity investments at September 30, 2024, totaled 39.9 million, a decrease of 3.8 million, or 8.8 , from 43.8 million at December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total equity investments with readily determinable fair values totaled 4.5 million and 4.4 million, respectively, consisting of mutual funds. Changes to the fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values is recorded in other noninterest income. 
 We also had 35.5 million and 39.4 million in equity investments without readily determinable fair values at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, equity investments without readily determinable fair values included 34.1 million in CRA investments, 1.0 million in CDFI investments, and 370 thousand in correspondent bank stock. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost, less impairment, and adjustments are made to the carrying balance based on observable price changes. There were no impairments or observable price changes for equity investments without readily determinable fair values during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 71 

Loans Held For Sale 
 Loans held for sale at September 30, 2024, totaled 25.7 million, compared with 3.4 million at December 31, 2023. Loans held for sale at September 30, 2024, comprised 2.0 million in residential mortgage loans and 23.7 million in C I loans. At December 31, 2023, loans held for sale consisted of 1.1 million in residential mortgage loans and 2.3 million in C I loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold 117.8 million in loans, consisting of 71.2 million in SBA loans, 19.9 million in residential mortgage loans, and 26.7 million in other loans. 
 Loans Receivable 
 At September 30, 2024, loans receivable totaled 13.62 billion, a decrease of 235.6 million, or 1.7 , from 13.85 billion at December 31, 2023. The following table summarizes our loan portfolio by amount and percentage of total loans outstanding in each loan segment as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent ) 
 Amount Percent ) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Loan portfolio composition CRE loans 8,630,757 63 8,797,884 64 C I loans 3,901,368 29 4,135,044 30 Residential mortgage loans 1,047,556 8 883,687 6 Consumer and other loans 38,307 37,004 Total loans receivable, net of deferred costs and fees 13,617,988 100 13,853,619 100 Allowance for credit losses (153,270) (158,694) Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 13,464,718 13,694,925 
 The year-to-date decrease in our total loans receivable was primarily due to declines in C I and CRE loans, partially offset by the growth in residential mortgage loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, loan payoffs, paydowns and sales exceeded new origination volume, reflecting, in part, an elevated pace of payoffs in a high interest rate environment. 
 Lines of credit or loan commitments to business customers are normally made for a period of three years or less. The same credit policies are used in making commitments and conditional obligations as for providing loan facilities to customers. Annual reviews of such commitments are performed prior to renewal. 
 The following table shows loan commitments and letters of credit outstanding as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Commitments to extend credit 2,168,218 2,274,239 Standby letters of credit 138,451 132,132 Other commercial letters of credit 30,999 51,983 Total loan commitments and letters of credit 2,337,668 2,458,354 
 
 72 

Nonperforming Assets 
 Nonperforming assets, which consist of nonaccrual loans, accruing delinquent loans past due 90 days or more, and OREO, totaled 103.8 million at September 30, 2024, compared with 45.5 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonperforming loans was largely driven by an increase in CRE and C I nonaccrual loans. The increase in CRE nonaccrual loans was due primarily to the migration of loans from one relationship to nonaccrual after its loan matured. The loans are well-secured by properties in primary locations with minimal loss expected. The ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets increased to 0.60 at September 30, 2024, compared with 0.24 at December 31, 2023. Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable was 0.76 at September 30, 2024, compared with 0.33 at December 31, 2023. 
 The following table summarizes the composition of our nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans (1) 
 103,602 45,204 Accruing delinquent loans past due 90 days or more 226 261 Total nonperforming loans 103,828 45,465 OREO 63 Total nonperforming assets 103,828 45,528 Nonaccrual loans to loans receivable 0.76 0.33 Nonperforming loans to loans receivable 0.76 0.33 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.60 0.24 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 147.94 351.06 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 147.62 349.05 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming assets 147.62 348.56 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans exclude the guaranteed portion of delinquent SBA loans that are in liquidation totaling 13.1 million at September 30, 2024, and 11.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL was 153.3 million at September 30, 2024, compared with 158.7 million at December 31, 2023. The ACL was 1.13 and 1.15 of loans receivable at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The ACL to loans receivable ratio does not include discount on acquired loans. Total discount on acquired loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, totaled 3.2 million and 5.7 million, respectively. 
 The following table reflects the allocation of the ACL by loan segment and the ratio of total ACL to total loans as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) CRE loans 91,328 93,940 C I loans 57,041 51,291 Residential mortgage loans 4,424 12,838 Consumer and other loans 477 625 Total 153,270 158,694 Allowance for credit losses to loans receivable 1.13 1.15 
 
 73 

Overall ACL coverage at September 30, 2024, declined 2 basis points compared with December 31, 2023 as a result of improving projected macroeconomic variables, partially offset by an increase in ACL for individually evaluated loans. The third-party economic forecast used in the calculation at September 30, 2024, improved relative to the forecast used at December 31, 2023. The updated macroeconomic forecast projected on average slightly higher GDP growth and CRE price index. The decrease in total ACL at September 30, 2024, compared with December 31, 2023, consisted of a decrease in ACL for collectively evaluated loans, partially offset by an increase in ACL for individually evaluated loans. The decrease in ACL on residential mortgage loans at September 30, 2024, compared with December 31, 2023, was primarily due to model enhancements made to the CECL model for residential loans during the second quarter of 2024. The updated model now utilizes property values when estimating losses for collectively evaluated residential mortgage loans and the coverage ratios for these loans are now more in line with industry averages. The ACL on CRE loans decreased with the decline in CRE loans outstanding year-to-date, which was partially offset by increased estimated losses resulting from the enhancements made to the CRE CECL model. During the second quarter of 2024, the owner-occupied CRE CECL model was enhanced, to better incorporate the impact of the underlying income from the borrowers businesses. ACL on C I loans increased, reflecting higher levels of classified and nonperforming C I loans. 
 The following table presents the provisions for credit losses on loans, the amount of loans charged off, and the recoveries on loans previously charged off, together with the balance of the ACL at the beginning and end of each period, the balance of average loans and loans receivable outstanding, and related ratios at the dates and for the periods indicated: 
 At or for the Three Months Ended September 30, At or for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) LOANS: Average loans 13,574,539 14,550,106 13,637,335 14,961,058 Loans receivable (end of period) 13,617,988 14,306,193 13,617,988 14,306,193 ALLOWANCE: Balance, beginning of period 156,019 172,996 158,694 162,359 Less loan charge offs: CRE loans (390) (631) (948) (1,192) C I loans (5,767) (33,219) (16,358) (33,957) Consumer and other loans (126) (75) (235) (250) Total loan charge offs 
 (6,283) (33,925) (17,541) (35,399) Plus loan recoveries: CRE loans 18 2,898 559 3,090 C I loans 480 34 3,099 1,707 Consumer and other loans 36 6 159 59 Total loan recoveries 534 2,938 3,817 4,856 Net loan charge offs (5,749) (30,987) (13,724) (30,543) ASU 2022-02 day 1 adjustment (407) Provision for credit losses on loans 3,000 16,800 8,300 27,400 Balance, end of period 153,270 158,809 153,270 158,809 Net loan charge offs to average loans 0.17 0.85 0.13 0.27 Allowance for credit losses to loans receivable at end of period 1.13 1.11 1.13 1.11 
 __________________________________ 
 Annualized 
 74 

Net loan charge offs as a percentage of average loans were 0.17 and 0.13 , annualized, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with net loans charge offs of 0.85 and 0.27 , respectively, for the same periods in 2023. Net loan charge offs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily reflected C I loan net charge offs of 5.3 million and 13.3 million, respectively. 
 We believe the ACL at September 30, 2024 was adequate to absorb current expected lifetime losses in the loan portfolio. However, there is no assurance that actual losses will not exceed the current estimated credit losses. Among other things, if the effects of the 2023 banking industry disruption, inflation, potential economic recession, and the wars in the Gaza Strip and Ukraine are worse than we currently expect, or if the effects are prolonged, actual losses could exceed the estimated credit losses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 43.1 million in accrued interest receivables on loans, compared with 49.3 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Investments in Affordable Housing Partnerships 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 33.0 million in investments in affordable housing partnerships, compared with 54.5 million at December 31, 2023. Commitments to fund investments in affordable housing partnerships totaled 0 at September 30, 2024, compared with 21.0 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in balances was primarily due to our adjustments related to the adoption of ASU 2023-02. In accordance with ASU 2023-02 the delayed contribution liability related to our investments in affordable housing partnerships was derecognized and offset against the asset balance. The decrease in investments in affordable housing partnerships also reflected amortization and an impairment loss of 1.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 OREO 
 At September 30, 2024, OREO, net, totaled 0 compared with 63 thousand at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no loans transferred to OREO and we sold one OREO property with a carrying balance of 63 thousand. OREO are presented on the balance sheet net of OREO valuation allowances. 
 Deposits, Borrowings, Convertible Notes, and Subordinated Debentures 
 Deposits 
 Deposits are the primary source of funds used in lending and investment activities. At September 30, 2024, total deposits were 14.73 billion, a decrease of 24.3 million, or 0.2 , from 14.75 billion at December 31, 2023. Demand deposits decreased 192.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, while time deposits increased 26.5 million, and money market, NOW accounts, and savings deposits increased 141.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Year-to-date, total deposits were essentially stable, with growth in customer deposits nearly offsetting planned reductions of brokered time deposits. 
 At September 30, 2024, 25.3 of total deposits were noninterest bearing demand deposits, 40.7 were time deposits, and 34.0 were interest bearing money market, NOW accounts, and savings deposits. At December 31, 2023, 26.5 of total deposits were noninterest bearing demand deposits, 40.5 were time deposits, and 33.0 were interest bearing money market, NOW accounts, and savings deposits. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 1.01 billion in brokered deposits and 300.0 million in California State Treasurer deposits, compared with 1.54 billion in brokered deposits and 300.0 million in California State Treasurer deposits at December 31, 2023. The California State Treasurer time deposits at September 30, 2024, had original maturities of six months, a weighted average interest rate of 5.28 , and were collateralized with securities with a total fair value of 214.7 million and a 150.0 million letter of credit issued by the FHLB. At September 30, 2024, time deposits of more than 250 thousand totaled 2.68 billion, compared with 2.24 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The Bank s estimated insured deposits at September 30, 2024, were equivalent to approximately 62 of the Bank s total deposits, compared with approximately 62 at December 31, 2023. The Bank s estimated uninsured deposits at September 30, 2024, totaled 5.70 billion (38 of deposits), an increase from 5.67 billion (38 of deposits) at December 31, 2023. Uninsured deposits are estimated based on the portion of account balances in excess of FDIC insurance limits. 
 
 75 

The following is a schedule of time deposit maturities at September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 Balance Percent ) (Dollars in thousands) Three months or less 2,281,048 38 Over three months through six months 1,699,917 28 Over six months through nine months 1,057,048 18 Over nine months through twelve months 787,581 13 Over twelve months 167,614 3 Total time deposits 5,993,208 100 
 FHLB and FRB Borrowings and Other Borrowings 
 We utilize FHLB and FRB borrowings as a secondary source of funds in addition to deposits, which we consider our primary source of funds. FHLB advances are typically secured by pledged loans and/or securities with a market value at least equal to the outstanding advances plus our investment in FHLB stock. At September 30, 2024, borrowings totaled 100.0 million, consisting of 100.0 million in FHLB borrowings, compared with 1.80 billion in borrowings at December 31, 2023, consisting of 100.0 million in FHLB borrowings and 1.70 billion in FRB borrowings. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining maturity of total FHLB and FRB borrowings was less than one month and three months, respectively. The weighted average rate for FHLB borrowings was 5.59 at September 30, 2024, compared to 5.73 and 4.47 for FHLB and FRB borrowings at December 31, 2023, respectively. We fully paid off 1.70 billion in BTFP borrowings in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in cash and cash equivalent levels decreasing to 680.9 million at September 30, 2024, from 1.93 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 We did not have federal funds purchased at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 Convertible Notes 
 In 2018, we issued 217.5 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00 convertible senior notes maturing on May 15, 2038, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933. The convertible notes were issued as part of our plan to repurchase common stock and pay interest on a semi-annual basis. The net carrying balance of convertible notes at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was 444 thousand. In 2023, we repurchased notes in the aggregate principal amount of 19.9 million and recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of 405 thousand. The repurchased notes were immediately cancelled subsequent to repurchase. On May 15, 2023, most holders of our convertible notes exercised their right to put their notes and therefore we paid off 197.1 million of convertible notes principal in cash. No notes were repurchased or paid off in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 Trust preferred securities accrue and pay distributions periodically at specified annual rates as provided in the related indentures for the securities. The trusts used the net proceeds from their respective offerings to purchase a like amount of subordinated debentures issued by us. The subordinated debentures are the sole assets of the trusts. Our obligations under the subordinated debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by us of the obligations of the trusts. The subordinated debentures totaled 108.8 million at September 30, 2024, and 107.8 million at December 31, 2023. The trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon the maturity of the subordinated debentures, or upon earlier redemption as provided in the indentures. We have the right to redeem the subordinated debentures in whole (but not in part) on or after specific dates, at a redemption price specified in the indentures plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date (see Note 10 Convertible Notes and Subordinated Debentures to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the subordinated debentures issued). 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Activities and Contractual Obligations 
 We routinely engage in activities that involve, to varying degrees, elements of risk that are not reflected, in whole or in part, in the consolidated financial statements. These activities are part of our normal course of business and include traditional off-balance-sheet credit-related financial instruments, interest rate swap contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and long-term debt. 
 76 

Traditional off-balance-sheet credit-related financial instruments are primarily commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These activities could require us to make cash payments to third parties if certain specified future events occur. The contractual amounts represent the extent of our exposure in these off-balance-sheet activities. These activities are necessary to meet the financing needs of our customers. 
 We enter into interest rate contracts under which we are required to either receive cash from or pay cash to counterparties depending on changes in interest rates. We utilize interest rate contracts, interest rate floors, and interest rate caps to help manage the risk of changing interest rates. We also sell interest rate contracts to certain adjustable rate commercial loan customers to fix the interest rate on their floating rate loans. When the fixed rate interest rate contract is originated with the customer, an identical offsetting interest rate contract is also entered into by us with a correspondent bank. 
 We have outstanding risk participation agreements that are part of syndicated loan transactions that we participated in as a means to earn additional fee income. Risk participation agreements are credit derivatives not designated as hedges, in which we share in the risk related to the interest rate swap on participated loans. Credit derivatives are not speculative and are not used to manage interest rate risk in assets or liabilities. 
 We enter into various stand-alone mortgage-banking derivatives in order to hedge the risk associated with the fluctuation of interest rates. The first type of derivative, an interest rate lock commitment, is a commitment to originate loans whereby the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding. To mitigate interest rate risk on these rate lock commitments, we also enter into forward commitments, or commitments to deliver residential mortgage loans on a future date, which are also considered derivatives. The net change in the fair value of derivatives represents income recorded from changes in fair value for these mortgage derivative instruments. 
 We do not anticipate that our current off-balance-sheet activities will have a material impact on our future results of operations or our financial condition. Further information regarding our financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk can be found in Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital 
 Historically, our primary source of capital has been the retention of earnings, net of interest payments on subordinated debentures and convertible notes and dividend payments to stockholders. We seek to maintain capital at a level sufficient to assure our stockholders, customers, and regulators that Hope Bancorp and the Bank are financially sound. For this purpose, we perform ongoing assessments of capital related risks, components of capital, as well as projected sources and uses of capital in conjunction with projected increases in assets and levels of risks. 
 Total stockholders equity was 2.17 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with 2.12 billion at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, stockholders equity increased by 48.5 million due to net income earned of 75.3 million, a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of 22.0 million, and increase in additional paid-in capital consisting of 3.0 million in stock-based compensation, partially offset by dividends paid of 50.6 million, and a decrease to beginning retained earnings of 1.1 million, net of tax, resulting from our adjustments related to ASU 2023-02. The decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, reflected a decrease in unrealized losses on our investment securities AFS and a decrease in net unrealized gains on our cash flow hedges mainly due to changes in market interest rates. 
 In January 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase plan that authorized management to repurchase up to 50.0 million of common stock. Stock repurchases through the plan may be executed through various means, including, without limitation, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or by other means as determined by management and in accordance with SEC rules and regulations. We had 35.3 million remaining of the 50.0 million stock repurchase plan at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 77 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the most recent regulatory notification generally categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the general regulatory framework for Prompt Corrective Action. To be generally categorized as well-capitalized the Bank must maintain the common equity Tier 1 capital, total capital, Tier 1 capital, and Tier 1 leverage capital ratios as set forth in the tables below. 
 September 30, 2024 Actual Ratio Required To Be Well-Capitalized Excess Over Well-Capitalized Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Hope Bancorp, Inc. Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,890,666 13.07 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,995,570 13.79 N/A N/A Total capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 2,143,477 14.82 N/A N/A Leverage capital 
 (to average assets) 
 1,995,570 11.61 N/A N/A Bank of Hope Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,968,612 13.62 6.50 7.12 Tier 1 capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,968,612 13.62 8.00 5.62 Total capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 2,116,519 14.64 10.00 4.64 Leverage capital 
 (to average assets) 
 1,968,612 11.46 5.00 6.46 December 31, 2023 Actual Ratio Required To Be Well-Capitalized Excess Over Well-Capitalized Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Hope Bancorp, Inc. Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,869,774 12.28 N/A N/A Tier 1 capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,973,698 12.96 N/A N/A Total capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 2,120,157 13.92 N/A N/A Leverage capital 
 (to average assets) 
 1,973,698 10.11 N/A N/A Bank of Hope Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,940,303 12.75 6.50 6.25 Tier 1 capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 1,940,303 12.75 8.00 4.75 Total capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 2,086,762 13.71 10.00 3.71 Leverage capital 
 (to average assets) 
 1,940,303 9.94 5.00 4.94 
 
 78 

Liquidity Management 
 Liquidity risk is the risk of reduction in our earnings or capital that would result if we were not able to meet our obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses. Liquidity risk includes the risk of unplanned decreases or changes in funding sources and changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimum loss of value. Factors considered in liquidity risk management are the stability of the deposit base; the marketability, maturity, and pledging of our investments; the availability of alternative sources of funds; and our demand for credit. The objective of our liquidity management is to have funds available to meet cash flow requirements arising from fluctuations in deposit levels and the demands of daily operations, which include funding of securities purchases, providing for customers credit needs, and ongoing repayment of borrowings. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are derived from financing activities, which include deposits, federal funds facilities, and borrowings from the FHLB and the FRB s Discount Window. These funding sources are augmented by payments of principal and interest on loans and securities, proceeds from sale of loans, and the liquidation or sale of securities from our available for sale portfolio or sale of equity investments. Primary uses of funds include withdrawal of and interest payments on deposits, originations of loans, purchases of investment securities, and payment of operating expenses. 
 At September 30, 2024, our total borrowing capacity, cash and cash equivalents, and unpledged securities totaled 7.57 billion, compared with 7.66 billion at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, our borrowing capacity was comprised of 4.15 billion from the FHLB 4.05 billion unused and available to borrow), 507.9 million from the FRB 507.9 million unused and available to borrow), and 302.4 million of Fed funds facilities with other banks (entirely unused). At September 30, 2024, our total remaining available borrowing capacity was 4.97 billion. In addition to these lines, cash and cash equivalents, interest earning cash deposits and deposits with other banks totaled 680.9 million, and unpledged investment securities AFS amounted to 1.92 billion. We believe our liquidity sources are sufficient to meet all reasonably foreseeable short-term and intermediate-term needs. 
 
 79 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk that movements in market risk factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, and volatilities, will negatively impact the Company s income and the value of its portfolios. The Company is exposed to market risk as a result of its core business of extending loans and acquiring deposits, and secondarily through its asset and liability management activities. The Company s asset and liability management activities are intended to optimize earnings while maintaining safety and soundness through proper risk management. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the most significant market risk impacting the Company. Interest rate risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by potential changes in net interest income NII and the economic value of equity EVE ). The primary forms of interest rate risk consist of repricing risk, basis risk, yield curve risk, and options risk. 
 Repricing Risk: The risk that interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities do not reprice simultaneously and/or in equal volumes. 
 Basis Risk: The risk that different indices with the same repricing frequency do not move in unison due to asymmetrical changes in interest rate indices. 
 Yield Curve Risk: The risk from non-parallel changes in the slope of the yield curve. 
 Options Risk: The risk that cash flows change due to embedded options (e.g., prepayment / extension, call options, deposit runoff, time deposit early withdrawal). 
 The Company s interest rate risk management is governed by policies reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors. The Board delegates responsibility for interest rate risk management to the Board Risk Committee and to the Asset and Liability Management Committee ALM ), which is composed of the Bank s senior executives and other designated officers. 
 The fundamental objective of the ALM is to manage exposure to interest rate fluctuations while maintaining adequate levels of liquidity and capital. ALM meets regularly to monitor the Company s interest rate risk, balance sheet activities, on- and off-balance sheet composition, earnings, capital, and market trends. Overall, the Company aims to reduce the sensitivity of earnings to interest rate fluctuations. Certain assets and liabilities, however, may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Furthermore, interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate prior to changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in market interest rates. The expected maturities of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. Management considers the anticipated effects of these factors when implementing interest rate risk management objectives. 
 The Company s interest rate risk sensitivity simulations apply various behavior models and assumptions to account for customer tendencies stemming from interest rate risk changes. The key behavior models and assumptions incorporated in the EVE and NII simulations impact deposit pricing, deposit runoff, time deposit early withdrawal, and prepayments on loans and investments. The deposit pricing model is one of the most significant of these assumptions and determines to what degree our deposit rates change when benchmark interest rates change. The deposit runoff model reflects the increased attrition rate observed in noninterest bearing deposits in higher rate scenarios as customers migrate to interest bearing deposits and/or alternative investments. The time deposit early withdrawal model incorporates the customer s ability to early terminate time deposits and reprice higher. The prepayment models applied to loans and investments reflects the incentive borrowers have to refinance when market rates are low while conversely slowing down their payments in higher rate environments. Each of the models and assumptions are tailored to the specific interest rate environment and validated on a regular basis. However, assumptions and models are inherently uncertain and actual results may differ from those derived in simulation analysis for multiple reasons, which may include actual balance sheet composition differences, timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, deviations from projected customer behavioral assumptions, and changes in market conditions or management strategies. 
 80 

Net Interest Income Sensitivity Simulation 
 Net interest income sensitivity simulations are used by management to measure the risk and impact to earnings over various time horizons, using a variety of interest rate scenarios. The following table presents the Company s net interest income sensitivity profile over a gradual 12-month ramp scenario applied to the base implied forward curve. The ramp scenario is a parallel shift applied gradually over the 12 months of the forecast on a pro rata basis. The scenarios are applied to an adjusted balance sheet that incorporates assumptions related to asset prepayments, time deposit withdrawal speeds, noninterest bearing deposit migration, and estimated deposit betas; these assumptions differ in rising or falling interest rate scenarios and are anchored in historical performance. Deposit betas represent the change in the rates paid on deposits against a change in benchmark interest indices. The net interest income simulation model does not represent a forecast of the Company s net interest income but is a tool utilized to assess the impact of changing market interest rates across a range of market interest rate environments. 
 The following table presents the Company s net interest income sensitivity related to a 12-month parallel ramp of 100, 200 and 300 bps applied in year 1 on implied forward market interest rates as of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, on a balance sheet assuming static balances on assets and liabilities with deposit balances modeled to migrate from noninterest bearing deposits to interest bearing deposits as rates move. 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity Interest Rate Change (basis points) - 300 . 
 - 200 . 
 - 100 . 
 + 100 . 
 + 200 . 
 + 300 . 
 September 30, 2024 (6.07) (3.83) (1.87) 1.30 2.36 2.76 September 30, 2023 (10.26) (6.73) (3.28) 1.21 2.14 2.94 
 The year-over-year changes in the forecasted net interest income sensitivity profile are attributable to the slowdown in the forecasted time deposits early withdrawal rates as of September 30, 2024, from the decline in market rates; and the implementation of the deposit balance models in the first quarter of 2024 that models a shift in noninterest bearing to interest bearing deposit mix with changes in rates. 
 Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity 
 EVE is used by management to measure the impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities, including off-balance sheet instruments. EVE complements net interest income sensitivity simulations whereas it estimates the risk exposure for a longer time horizon, or more specifically, the expected life of the current balance sheet. EVE does not incorporate any assumptions related to new originations or renewal activities used in the net interest income sensitivity analysis. The following table presents the Company s EVE profile applied to immediate parallel shock scenarios. 
 Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity Interest Rate Change (basis points) - 300 . 
 - 200 . 
 - 100 . 
 + 100 . 
 + 200 . 
 + 300 . 
 September 30, 2024 (3.23) 0.41 1.19 (3.73) (9.23) (15.54) September 30, 2023 1.59 2.60 1.92 (4.91) (10.56) (16.76) 
 The year-over-year changes in the EVE profile are attributable to the increase in forecasted mortgage loan prepayments and a decrease in retail deposition attrition as market rates declined in the third quarter of 2024. 
 81 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

82 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal claims. Management has reviewed all legal claims against the Company with counsel and has taken into consideration the views of such counsel as to the potential outcome of the claims in determining our accrued loss contingency. Accrued loss contingencies for all legal claims totaled approximately 614 thousand at September 30, 2024. It is reasonably possible the Company may incur losses in excess of our accrued loss contingency. However, at this time, the Company is unable to estimate the range of additional losses that are reasonably possible because of a number of factors, including the fact that certain of these litigation matters are still in their early stages. Management believes that none of these legal claims, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Management is not aware of any material changes to the risk factors discussed in Part 1, Item 1A, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part 1, Item 1A, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. The risks described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to management, or that management presently believes not to be material, may also result in material and adverse effects on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. 
 
 83 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The Company did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In January 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorized the Company to repurchase up to 50.0 million of its common stock. The stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and may be modified, amended, suspended, or discontinued at the Company s discretion at any time without notice. The Company did not repurchase any shares as part of this program during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following table summarizes stock repurchase activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (Dollars in thousands) July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 35,333 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 35,333 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 35,333 Total 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 See Index to Exhibits. 
 
 84 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hope Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.1, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hope Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K, Exhibit 3.2, filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 __________________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 

85 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 HOPE BANCORP, INC. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Kevin S. Kim Kevin S. Kim Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Julianna Balicka Julianna Balicka Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

86 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-09302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kevin S. Kim, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this periodic report on Form 10-Q of Hope Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrants' board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s Kevin S. Kim Kevin S. Kim Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-09302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Julianna Balicka certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this periodic report on Form 10-Q of Hope Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrants' board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s Julianna Balicka Julianna Balicka Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-09302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the periodic report of Hope Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin S. Kim, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s Kevin S. Kim Kevin S. Kim Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322-09302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the periodic report of Hope Bancorp, Inc (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Julianna Balicka, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date November 8, 2024 
 s Julianna Balicka Julianna Balicka Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hope-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hope-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hope-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hope-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hope-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

