<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1999001_0001999001-24-000027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10743829</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1046433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1934194</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3680853</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2050530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1776141</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001999001-24-000027.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001999001-24-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Six Flags Entertainment Corporation/NEW
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001999001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42157
		FILM NUMBER:		241430765

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 RED OAK BLVD.
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28217
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(419) 626-0830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 RED OAK BLVD.
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20231027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001999001-24-000027.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 fun-20240929.htm
 10-Q

fun-20240929 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Title of Class Shares Outstanding as of November 1, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 
 Page 1 of 44 pages 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 On July 1, 2024 (the Closing Date ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (formerly known as CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc.) (the Combined Company completed the previously announced merger of equals transaction contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Combined Company (then, CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc.), Cedar Fair, L.P. Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Former Six Flags and CopperSteel Merger Sub, LLC Copper Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) Copper Merger Sub was merged with and into Cedar Fair (the Cedar Fair First Merger ), with Cedar Fair continuing as the surviving entity (the Cedar Fair Surviving Entity and a direct subsidiary of the Combined Company, (ii) the Cedar Fair Surviving Entity was subsequently merged with and into the Combined Company (the Cedar Fair Second Merger and together with the Cedar Fair First Merger, the Cedar Fair Mergers ), with the Combined Company continuing as the surviving corporation, and (iii) Former Six Flags merged with and into the Combined Company (the Six Flags Merger and together with the Cedar Fair Mergers, the Mergers ), with the Combined Company continuing as the surviving corporation. Upon the consummation of the Mergers, the separate legal existences of each of Copper Merger Sub, Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags ceased, and the Combined Company changed its name to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation . The Combined Company trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "FUN". 
 
 The Mergers are accounted for as a business combination under Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations , using the acquisition method of accounting, and Cedar Fair has been determined to be the accounting acquirer and the predecessor for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, financial results and disclosures referring to periods prior to the Closing Date include only Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers, including the financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023 and for the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023. The results of Former Six Flags are included in the Combined Company's results from the Closing Date forward. Accordingly, financial results and disclosures for the three months ended September 29, 2024 reflect the Combined Company's operations. Financial results for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 reflect combined operations for only July 1, 2024, through September 29, 2024, and include only Former Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers for the first six months of 2024. 
 
 For purposes of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to the "Combined Company" and the "Company" are to Cedar Fair, Former Six Flags and Copper Merger Sub after giving effect to the Mergers. References to "Cedar Fair," "Former Cedar Fair," or "the "Partnership" are to Cedar Fair prior to the Mergers. 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-Q CONTENTS 
 
 Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Index for Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 41 
 Signatures 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 24, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles, net Right-of-use assets Other assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued interest Accrued taxes Accrued salaries, wages and benefits Self-insurance reserves Other accrued liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Lease liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt: Revolving credit loans Term debt Notes Commitments and contingencies Note 1 
 Equity: Former Cedar Fair, L.P. Partners Deficit: Special L.P. interests General partner ) ) Limited partners, and units outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Stockholders' Equity: Common stock, shares outstanding as of September 29, 2024 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share and per unit amounts) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net revenues: Admissions Food, merchandise and games Accommodations, extra-charge products and other Costs and expenses: Cost of food, merchandise, and games revenues Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Loss on retirement of fixed assets, net Loss on impairment of goodwill Operating income Interest expense, net Loss on early debt extinguishment Other (income) expense, net ) ) Income before taxes Provision for taxes Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Net income Other comprehensive income, (net of tax): Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Defined benefit retirement plan Other comprehensive (loss) income, (net of tax) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests Comprehensive income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Weighted average common shares / LP units outstanding (See Note 11 
 Basic Diluted Income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation per average common share / LP unit outstanding See N ote 1 1 
 Net income per common share / LP unit - basic Net income per common share / LP unit - diluted 
 The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share and per unit amounts) 
 For the three months ended Common Shares Outstanding Limited Partnership Units Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Limited Partners Deficit General Partner s Deficit Special L.P. Interests Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of June 25, 2023 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Repurchase of limited partnership units ) ) ) Partnership distribution declared per unit) 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment, 
 net of tax 
 Balance as of September 24, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Equity-based compensation Foreign currency translation adjustment, 
 net of tax ) 
 ) ) Defined benefit retirement plan, net of tax ) 
 Effect of Mergers LP conversion to corporation ) ) ) Balance as of September 29, 2024 
 The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per unit amounts) 
 For the nine months ended Common Shares Outstanding Limited Partnership Units Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Limited Partners Deficit General Partner s Deficit Special L.P. Interests Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Repurchase of limited partnership units ) ) ) ) Partnership distribution declared per unit) 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Tax effect of units involved in treasury unit transactions ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
 ) ) Balance as of September 24, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation ) ) Partnership distribution declared per unit) 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Tax effect of units involved in treasury unit transactions ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
 ) ) Defined benefit retirement plan, net of tax ) 
 Effect of Mergers LP conversion to corporation ) ) ) Balance as of September 29, 2024 
 The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on early debt extinguishment Loss on impairment of goodwill Non-cash foreign currency loss (gain) on USD notes ) Non-cash equity based compensation expense Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Other non-cash expenses Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets Increase (decrease) in accounts payable Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest Increase (decrease) in accrued taxes Increase (decrease) in accrued salaries, wages and benefits ) ) Increase (decrease) in self-insurance reserves Increase (decrease) in other liabilities Net cash from operating activities CASH FLOWS FOR INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Mergers, net of cash acquired ) Net cash for investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FOR FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net borrowings on revolving credit loans Term debt borrowings Note payments ) Repurchase of limited partnership units ) Distributions paid to partners ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Payments related to tax withholding for equity compensation ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) Other ) ) Net cash for financing activities ) ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Net increase for the period Balance, beginning of period Balance, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Cash payments for interest Interest capitalized Net cash payments for income taxes Capital expenditures in accounts payable 
 The accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 INDEX FOR NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Note 1 
 Description of the Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
 9 
 Note 2 
 Mergers 
 11 
 Note 3 
 Revenue Recognition 
 15 
 Note 4 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 16 
 Note 5 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 16 
 Note 6 
 Long-Term Debt 
 18 
 Note 7 
 Non-Controlling Interests 
 20 
 Note 8 
 Income and Partnership Taxes 
 22 
 Note 9 
 Partners' Equity 
 23 
 Note 10 
 Pension Benefits 
 24 
 Note 11 
 Earnings Per Share 
 24 
 Note 12 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 25 
 Note 13 
 Segments 
 26 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared from the financial records of the Combined Company. The Mergers are accounted for as a business combination under Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations , using the acquisition method of accounting, and Former Cedar Fair has been determined to be the accounting acquirer and the predecessor for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, financial results and disclosures referring to periods prior to the Closing Date include only Former Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers, including the financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023 and for the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023. The results of Former Six Flags are included in the Combined Company's results from the Closing Date forward. Accordingly, financial results and disclosures for the three months ended September 29, 2024 reflect the Combined Company's operations. Financial results for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 reflect combined operations for only July 1, 2024, through September 29, 2024, and include only Former Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers for the first six months of 2024. References to the "Combined Company" and the "Company" are to Former Cedar Fair, Former Six Flags and Copper Merger Sub after giving effect to the Mergers. References to "Cedar Fair," "Former Cedar Fair, or the "Partnership" are to Cedar Fair prior to the Mergers. The Mergers are described in more detail in Note 2 . The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the results of the interim periods covered in this report. Due to the seasonal nature of the amusement and water park operations, the results for any interim period may not be indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year. 

(1) 
 of annual attendance and net revenues occurred during the second and third quarters of each year. As a result, a substantial portion of the Combined Company's net revenues are expected to be generated from Memorial Day through Labor Day with the major portion concentrated during the peak vacation months of July and August. 
 
 To assure that these seasonal operations will not result in misleading comparisons of current and subsequent interim periods, management has adopted the following accounting procedures: (a) revenues from multi-use products are recognized over the estimated number of uses expected for each type of product; and the estimated number of uses is reviewed and may be updated periodically during the operating season prior to the ticket or product expiration, which generally occurs no later than the close of the operating season associated with each product; (b) certain seasonal operating costs are expensed over each park s operating season, including some costs incurred prior to the season, which are deferred and amortized over the season; and (c) all other costs are expensed as incurred or ratably over the entire year. 

9 

Table of Contents 

million resulting in an increase in income from continuing operations and a tax effected impact on net income of approximately million per share) for the three months ended September 29, 2024. The change in interim depreciation method will have no impact on annual operating income or net income. 
 
 Certain prior year supplies inventory amounts of million as of December 31, 2023 and million as of September 24, 2023 have been reclassified from "Inventories" to "Other current assets" in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets to conform with the Combined Company presentation. 
 Certain processing fees charged to customers totaling million for the three months ended September 24, 2023 and million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023 have been reclassified from "Accommodations, extra-charge products and other" to "Admissions" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. In addition, the amounts were also reclassified from out-of-park revenues to in-park revenues as defined within Management's Discussion and Analysis and as disclosed within the Revenue Recognition footnote. 
 Certain expenses, including credit card fees, other revenue processing fees, and park level technology and marketing costs, totaling million for the three months ended September 24, 2023 and million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023 have been reclassified from "Selling, general and administrative" to "Operating expenses" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Interest income totaling million for the three months ended September 24, 2023 and million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023 have been reclassified from "Other (income) expense, net" to "Interest expense, net" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

Putative Securities Class Action Lawsuit 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Combined Company entered into a settlement agreement, subject to court approval, resolving the Putative Securities Class Action Lawsuit described below. The Combined Company will pay million to settle the claims, an amount that will be fully funded by the Combined Company s insurance carriers. Therefore, the Combined Company's unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 29, 2024 included a million receivable and a corresponding million liability recorded within "Other accrued liabilities". 
 
 In February 2020, putative securities class action complaints were filed against Former Six Flags and certain of its former executive officers (collectively, the defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas. On March 2, 2020, the cases were consolidated in an action captioned Electrical Workers Pension Fund Local 103 I.B.E.W. v. Six Flags Entertainment Corp., et al. , Case No. 4:20-cv-00201-P (N.D. Tex.) (the Electrical Workers litigation ), and an amended complaint was filed on March 20, 2020. On May 8, 2020, Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System Oklahoma Firefighters and Electrical Workers Pension Fund Local 103 I.B.E.W. were appointed as lead plaintiffs, Bernstein Litowitz Berger Grossman LLP was appointed as lead counsel, and McKool Smith PC was appointed as liaison counsel. On July 2, 2020, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants made materially false or misleading statements or omissions regarding Former Six Flags' business, operations and growth prospects, specifically with respect to the development of its Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd., in violation of the federal securities laws. The consolidated complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of Former Six Flags publicly traded common stock during the period between April 24, 2018 and February 19, 2020. On August 3, 2020, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On March 3, 2021, the district court granted defendants motion, dismissing the complaint in its entirety and with prejudice. 
 
 On August 25, 2021, Co-Lead Plaintiff Oklahoma Firefighters filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit the Fifth Circuit from the district court s decisions granting defendants motion to dismiss, denying plaintiffs motion to amend or set aside judgment, and denying plaintiffs motion for leave to file a supplemental brief. The appeal was fully briefed as of December 15, 2021, and oral argument was held on March 7, 2022. On January 18, 2023, the Fifth Circuit reversed the dismissal and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. On February 9, 2023, the Fifth Circuit mandate issued to the district court. On March 7, 2023, the district court entered a scheduling order governing pre-trial proceedings. On 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 million to settle the claims, an amount that will be fully funded by the Combined Company s insurance carriers. On September 23, 2024, the District Court granted the plaintiffs motion for preliminary approval of the settlement and scheduled a final fairness hearing for January 25, 2025. 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Investigation 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an investigation into Former Six Flags' disclosures and reporting made in 2018 through February 2020 related to its business, operations and growth prospects of its Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former business partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd. Former Six Flags received a document subpoena in February 2020 and subsequently certain current and former executives received subpoenas in connection with this matter and they continue to provide responsive information. The involved parties are fully cooperating and are committed to continuing to cooperate fully with the SEC in this matter. The length, scope or results of the investigation, or the impact, of the investigation on results of operations, business or financial condition cannot be predicted. 
 
 million, which was recorded within "Operating expenses" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The increase was driven by an observed pattern of increasing litigation and settlement costs. 

(2) 
 11 

Table of Contents share of common stock, par value per share, of the Combined Company (the Combined Company Common Stock (the Cedar Fair Exchange Ratio ), together with cash in lieu of fractional shares of Combined Company Common Stock, without interest and (ii) each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value per share of Former Six Flags (the Six Flags Common Stock (excluding any (a) shares of Six Flags Common Stock held in treasury of Former Six Flags and (b) restricted shares of Former Six Flags, which were converted into restricted shares of Combined Company Common Stock based on the Former Six Flags Exchange Ratio, as further described below), was converted into the right to receive shares of Combined Company Common Stock (the Six Flags Exchange Ratio ), together with cash in lieu of fractional shares of Combined Company Common Stock, without interest. Following the close of the transaction, the holders of the Cedar Fair Units immediately prior to the closing owned approximately of the outstanding shares of the Combined Company Common Stock and the holders of the Six Flags Common Stock immediately prior to the closing owned approximately of the outstanding shares of the Combined Company Common Stock. At the time of the Cedar Fair First Merger when each Cedar Fair Unit was converted into Combined Company Common Stock, the transaction gave rise to certain deferred tax assets which were accounted for as equity because management concluded the transaction to be amongst shareholders. The adjustment to equity was recorded within "Additional-Paid-in-Capital" and totaled million. 
 
 million of outstanding borrowings under Former Six Flags' revolving credit facility, inclusive of interest and fees, and paid the million Former Six Flags Special Dividend, which is further described below. 
 (In thousands) Consideration Fair value of Combined Company Common Stock issued (1) 
 Former Six Flags revolving credit facility repaid upon close of the Mergers Payment of outstanding pre-merger special dividend per the Merger Agreement Fair value of Former Six Flags equity awards converted (2) 
 Fair value of purchase consideration transferred Fair value of redeemable non-controlling interests (3) 
 Less: cash acquired Total Merger Consideration, net of cash acquired 
 (1) Reflects Former Six Flags Common Stock outstanding as of July 1, 2024 converted to Combined Company Common Stock based upon the Six Flags Exchange Ratio. 
 (2) Reflects the estimated Closing Date fair value of the converted Former Six Flags equity awards for which associated service has been allocated to the pre-combination period. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment, net Other intangibles, net Right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets acquired Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued interest Accrued taxes Accrued salaries, wages and benefits Self-insurance reserves Other accrued liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Lease liabilities Other liabilities Long-term debt Total liabilities assumed Total net assets to be acquired Goodwill Fair Value of Net Assets Acquired 
 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. Management has not finalized the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The estimated fair values of certain assets and liabilities including, but not limited to, property and equipment, the Six Flags trade name, self-insurance reserves, contingencies and deferred taxes require judgment and assumptions that increase the likelihood that adjustments may be made to these estimates during the measurement period, and those adjustments could be material. 
 
 Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining the operations of Former Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The majority of Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill has been allocated to the Company's single reportable segment. 
 
 The fair values of assets acquired includes accounts receivable of million that are not purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The Combined Company did not recognize an allowance with a corresponding credit loss expense for the acquired receivables during the period ended September 29, 2024. The allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded as a reduction of deferred revenue to the extent revenue has not been recognized on the corresponding season-long products. 
 
 Former Six Flags contributed net revenues of million and net income of million to the Combined Company from the Closing Date, July 1, 2024, through September 29, 2024. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, million and million, respectively, of merger transaction related costs were incurred. During the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023, million of merger transaction related costs were incurred. These amounts included third-party legal and consulting costs related to the transaction and were recorded within "Selling, general and administrative" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 Special Dividend 
 As previously announced by Former Six Flags, on June 18, 2024, Former Six Flags declared a special dividend, payable to holders of record of Former Six Flags Common Stock as of the close of business one business day prior to the Closing Date, June 28, 2024, with a per share amount of , which is equal to (a) plus (b) the product (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) of (i) the Six Flags Exchange Ratio and (ii) the aggregate amount of distributions per unit declared or paid by Cedar Fair with respect to a Cedar Fair Unit with a record date following November 2, 2023 and prior to the time the Six Flags Merger became effective (the Closing Effective Time after giving effect to appropriate adjustments to reflect the Mergers (the Special Dividend ), which distributions per Cedar Fair Unit were in the aggregate. The payment of the Special Dividend was completed on or about July 8, 2024 and was included in Merger Consideration. 
 
 Treatment of Equity Awards and Treasury Stock 
 At the time the Cedar Fair First Merger became effective (the Cedar Fair First Merger Effective Time ), each outstanding Cedar Fair equity award (other than each Cedar Fair deferred unit) was converted into a corresponding award relating to shares of Combined Company Common Stock, with the number of shares of Combined Company Common Stock subject to such converted award based on the Cedar Fair Exchange Ratio. The converted Cedar Fair equity awards remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and conditions applied under the Cedar Fair 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreements immediately prior to the Cedar Fair First Merger Effective Time, including vesting protections for qualifying terminations that occur within a period of months following the closing of the Mergers. Cedar Fair Performance Units were converted based on the higher of target performance and actual performance or, in the case of awards (or portion thereof) related to any performance period that would have begun after the Closing Effective Time, were converted based on target performance and will not be subject to future performance-based vesting conditions (but remain subject to service-based vesting conditions). Any outstanding Cedar Fair Deferred Units were settled at the First Cedar Fair Merger Effective Time in either cash or shares of Combined Company Common Stock in accordance with such terms. 
 
 Each Cedar Fair Unit held (i) in the treasury of Cedar Fair or (ii) by the Cedar Fair General Partner, in each case, immediately prior to the Cedar Fair First Merger Effective Time, was canceled and retired and ceases to exist, and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefor. 
 
 At the Closing Effective Time, generally and other than as provided in certain employment agreements entered into in connection with the Mergers, each Former Six Flags equity award was converted into a corresponding award relating to shares of Combined Company Common Stock, with the number of shares of Combined Company Common Stock subject to such converted award based on the Six Flags Exchange Ratio. The converted Former Six Flags equity awards remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and conditions as applied under the Former Six Flags Long Term Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreements immediately prior to the Closing Effective Time (except that (i) performance-based awards were converted based on the higher of target and actual performance and will not be subject to future performance-based vesting conditions (but remain subject to service-based vesting conditions) and (ii) all converted awards are subject to vesting protections for qualifying terminations that occur within a period of months following the Closing). Any Former Six Flags Deferred Share Unit Awards were settled at the time of the Closing Effective Time in shares of Combined Company Common Stock based on the Six Flags Exchange Ratio. Former Six Flags equity awards were eligible for payment of the Special Dividend; provided, that such amount will not be paid until such time as the underlying Former Six Flags equity award, as converted, becomes vested or settled pursuant to its terms (if at all). 
 
 Each share of Six Flags Common Stock held in the treasury of Six Flags immediately prior to the Closing Effective Time, was canceled and retired and ceases to exist, and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefor. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of Combined Company Common Stock as an element of compensation to any employee, officer, non-employee director, or consultant at the discretion of the People, Culture Compensation Committee (the "Compensation Committee") of the Board of Directors. The types of awards available under the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units (including performance units), other awards and dividend equivalent rights. Outstanding awards under the Cedar Fair 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Former Six Flags Long Term Incentive Plan continue to be in effect and are governed by the terms of those plans, but no new awards may be issued under either legacy plan. 
 
 The Compensation Committee approved certain awards of performance stock units ("PSUs") on August 20, 2024 under the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Each PSU represents a contingent right to receive share of Combined Company Common Stock. Based on actual results, each executive will be eligible to receive between and of the target number of PSUs. The PSUs will be eligible to vest based on the attainment of specified Adjusted EBITDA performance goals by the Combined Company during the applicable performance period, which ends December 31, 2026, and subject to each executives' continued employment with the Combined Company through the determination date following the performance period. 

(3) 
 Out-of-park revenues Concessionaire remittance ) ) ) ) Net revenues 
 Due to the Combined Company's seasonal operations, a substantial portion of its revenues are generated from Memorial Day through Labor Day. Most revenues are recognized on a daily basis based on actual guest spend at the properties. Revenues from multi-use products, including season-long products for admission, dining, beverage and other products and the first period for membership products, are recognized over the estimated number of uses expected for each type of product. The estimated number of uses is reviewed and may be updated periodically during the operating season prior to the ticket or product expiration. The number of uses is estimated based on historical usage adjusted for current period trends. Membership products beginning with the 13th month following purchase are recognized straight-line. For any bundled products that include multiple performance obligations, revenue is allocated using the retail price of each distinct performance obligation and any inherent discounts are allocated based on the gross margin and expected redemption of each performance obligation. The Combined Company does not typically provide for refunds or returns. Sales and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 
 
 Many products, including season-long products, are sold to customers in advance, resulting in a contract liability ("deferred revenue"). Deferred revenue is typically at its highest immediately prior to the peak summer season, and at its lowest after the peak summer and important fall seasons. Season-long products, including memberships, represent most of the deferred revenue balance in any given period. 
 
 Of the million of current deferred revenue recorded as of January 1, 2024, was related to season-long products. The remainder was related to deferred online transaction fees charged to customers, advanced resort reservations, advanced ticket sales, prepaid games cards, marina deposits and other deferred revenue. Approximately million of the current deferred revenue balance as of January 1, 2024 was recognized during the nine months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, million and million of non-current deferred revenue was recorded, respectively. A portion of deferred revenue is typically classified as non-current during the third quarter related to 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 to months after purchase depending on the date of sale. The number of uses expected outside of the next twelve months for each type of product is estimated, and the related deferred revenue is classified as non-current within "Other Liabilities" in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, million and million was recorded, respectively, related to the non-current portion of season-long products purchased for the subsequent operating season. The remaining non-current deferred revenue balances in the periods primarily represented prepaid lease payments for a portion of the California's Great America parking lot. The prepaid lease payments will be recognized through 2027, or through the sale-leaseback period for the land under California's Great America. 
 
 Payment is due immediately on the transaction date for most products. The receivable balance includes outstanding amounts on installment purchase plans which are offered for season-long products, including memberships, and includes sales to retailers, group sales and catering activities which are billed. Installment purchase plans vary in length from monthly installments to monthly installments. Payment terms for billings are typically net days. Receivables in a typical operating year are highest in the peak summer months and lowest in the winter months. The Combined Company is not exposed to a significant concentration of customer credit risk. As of September 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023, a million, million and million allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded, respectively, representing estimated defaults on installment purchase plans. The default estimate is calculated using historical default rates adjusted for current period trends. The allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded as a reduction of deferred revenue to the extent revenue has not been recognized on the corresponding season-long products. 

(4) 
 Land improvements Buildings Rides and equipment Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Property and equipment, net as of September 29, 2024 included billion of Former Six Flags assets acquired on July 1, 2024 (see Note 2 ). 
 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. In order to determine if an asset has been impaired, assets are grouped and tested at the lowest level for which identifiable, independent cash flows are available. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include, among others: a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset; a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset; past, current or future operating or cash flow losses that demonstrate continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset; and a current expectation that a long-lived asset will be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and could have a material impact on the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. During the third quarter of 2024, management tested the Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort New Braunfels and the Schlitterbahn Waterpark Galveston ("Schlitterbahn") long-lived assets for impairment due to a decline in estimated future cash flows as a result of shifting priorities following the Mergers. The analysis resulted in no impairment. Except for those losses on disposals or retirements of fixed assets recorded in the ordinary course of business, management concluded no other indicators of impairment of long-lived assets existed during the first nine months of 2024 and the first nine months of 2023. Management's conclusions were based on updated financial performance projections, as well as an updated analysis of macroeconomic and industry-specific conditions. 

(5) 
 million impairment of the goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. The impairment charge was equal to the amount by 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) Mergers Not e 2 
 Impairment ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance as of September 29, 2024 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Foreign currency translation Balance as of September 24, 2023 ) 
 
 ) License / franchise agreements ) Total other intangible assets ) December 31, 2023 Other intangible assets: Trade names (1) 
 ) License / franchise agreements ) Total other intangible assets ) September 24, 2023 Other intangible assets: Trade names (1) 
 ) License / franchise agreements ) Total other intangible assets ) 
 Other intangible assets as of September 29, 2024 included million for the Six Flags trade name acquired on July 1, 2024 (see Note 2 ). The Six Flags trade name is an indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 (1) Trade name amortization represents amortization of the California's Great America trade name. The gross carrying amount of the California's Great America trade name totals million. Other trade names are indefinite-lived. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 (6) 
 YTD 2024 
 Term loan averaging YTD 2024 
 Former Cedar Fair notes 2025 senior secured notes at 
 2027 senior unsecured notes at 
 2028 senior unsecured notes at 
 2029 senior unsecured notes at 
 Former Six Flags notes (See Note 2 
 2025 senior secured notes at 
 2027 senior unsecured notes at 
 2031 senior unsecured notes at 
 2032 senior secured notes at 
 Less current portion ) Less debt issuance costs and original issue discount ) ) ) Plus acquisition fair value layers 
 
 Term Debt and Revolving Credit Facilities 
 On May 1, 2024, Former Cedar Fair entered into a new credit agreement (the "2024 Credit Agreement"), which includes a billion senior secured term loan facility and included a million revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility replaced the existing revolving credit facility under Former Cedar Fair's prior credit agreement (the "2017 Credit Agreement"). Upon consummation of the Mergers, the 2024 Credit Agreement was assumed by the Combined Company, subsidiaries of Former Six Flags became borrowers and/or guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement, and the 2024 Credit Agreement was amended (the "First Amendment"). The facilities provided under the 2024 Credit Agreement are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of Former Cedar Fair, its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and its Canadian subsidiary that is a borrower under the 2024 Credit Agreement, and the subsidiaries of Former Six Flags that are co-issuers and/or guarantors under the 2025 Six Notes (as defined below) and/or the 2032 Six Notes (as defined below), subject to customary exceptions set forth in the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended. 
 
 The senior secured term loan facility under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, requires amortization payments of million per year, payable in equal quarterly installments; matures on May 1, 2031; and bears interest at Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a margin of basis points ("bps") per annum or base rate plus a margin of bps per annum. 
 
 Following the First Amendment, the revolving credit facility capacity under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, is million with a maturity date of July 1, 2029, subject to a springing maturity date on the date that is days prior to the final maturity of certain indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount greater than million on such date. The revolving credit facility bears interest at Term SOFR or Term Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average plus a margin of bps per annum, or base rate or Canadian prime rate plus a margin of bps per annum; and requires a commitment fee of bps per annum on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which is subject to decrease to bps upon achievement of a x Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended). Prior to the First Amendment, the then-existing revolving credit facility would have matured on February 10, 2028, subject to a springing maturity date on the date that was days prior to the final maturity of certain indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount greater than million on such date. 
 
 There was million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility as of September 29, 2024. The 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, also provides for the issuance of documentary and standby letters of credit. After letters of credit of million, the Combined Company had million of availability under its revolving credit facility as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 The total senior secured revolving credit facility capacity under the 2017 Credit Agreement was million with a Canadian sub-limit of million. The senior secured revolving credit facility bore interest at SOFR plus bps with a SOFR adjustment of bps per annum and a floor of , required the payment of a bps commitment fee per annum on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, in each case without any step-downs, and was collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million of the 2025 senior notes remained outstanding as of that date, or (y) January 14, 2027 if at least million of the 2027 senior notes remained outstanding as of that date. During 2022, Former Cedar Fair fully repaid the term loan facility under the 2017 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Former Cedar Fair Notes 
 In April 2017, Former Cedar Fair issued million of senior unsecured notes due 2027 ("2027 senior notes"). Interest is payable under the 2027 senior notes semi-annually in April and October, with the principal due in full on April 15, 2027. The 2027 senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at various prices depending on the date redeemed. 
 
 In June 2019, Former Cedar Fair issued million of senior unsecured notes due 2029 ("2029 senior notes"). Interest is payable under the 2029 senior notes semi-annually in January and July, with the principal due in full on July 15, 2029. The 2029 senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at various prices depending on the date redeemed. 
 
 In October 2020, Former Cedar Fair issued million of senior unsecured notes due 2028 ("2028 senior notes"). Interest is payable under the 2028 senior notes semi-annually in April and October with the principal due in full on October 1, 2028. The 2028 senior notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at various prices depending on the date redeemed. 
 
 In April 2020, Former Cedar Fair issued billion of senior secured notes due 2025 ("2025 senior notes") in a private placement. The 2025 senior notes and the related guarantees were secured by first-priority liens on the issuers' and the guarantors' assets that secured all the obligations under the 2017 Credit Agreement. Interest was payable under the 2025 senior notes semi-annually in May and November, with the principal due in full on May 1, 2025. On May 2, 2024, the net proceeds from the new senior secured term loan facility under the 2024 Credit Agreement and cash on hand were used to redeem all of the 2025 senior notes. The redemption price was billion in aggregate principal amount, plus accrued interest to the redemption date. As a result of the May 2024 refinancing, an million loss on early debt extinguishment was recognized, inclusive of the write-off of debt issuance costs and the portion of a consent payment attributable to the 2025 senior notes. 
 
 Substantially concurrently with the closing and in connection with the Mergers, the Combined Company entered into supplemental indentures to assume all of Former Cedar Fair's obligations under the indentures governing the 2027 senior notes, 2028 senior notes and 2029 senior notes (collectively, the "Cedar Fair Notes"). In addition, under the supplemental indentures for the Cedar Fair Notes, each of the Former Six Flags subsidiary guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, agreed to fully and unconditionally guarantee the Cedar Fair Notes. 
 
 Former Six Flags Notes 
 Substantially concurrently with the closing and in connection with the Mergers, the Combined Company entered into supplemental indentures to assume all of Former Six Flags obligations under its outstanding notes, including: 
 
 million of senior unsecured notes due July 2024 ("2024 Six Notes"). The Combined Company paid the remaining outstanding balance of the 2024 Six Notes on July 31, 2024. 
 
 million of senior secured notes due 2025 ("2025 Six Notes"). Interest is payable under the 2025 Six Notes semi-annually in January and July, with the principal due in full on July 1, 2025. million of the outstanding balance of the 2025 Six Notes was paid on July 1, 2024. 
 
 million of senior unsecured notes due 2027 ("2027 Six Notes"). Interest is payable under the 2027 Six Notes semi-annually in April and October, with the principal due in full on April 15, 2027. 
 
 million of senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2031 Six Notes"). Interest is payable under the 2031 Six Notes semi-annually in May and November, with the principal due in full on May 15, 2031. 
 
 million of senior secured notes due 2032 ("2032 Six Notes"). Interest is payable under the 2032 Six Notes semi-annually in May and November, with the principal due in full on May 1, 2032. 
 
 Under the supplemental indenture to the 2032 Six Notes, each of the Cedar Fair co-issuers under the 2024 Credit Agreement became co-issuers of the 2032 Six Notes and each of the Cedar Fair subsidiary guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement became guarantors of the 2032 Six Notes. Under the supplemental indentures for all other Former Six Flags Notes, each of the Cedar Fair co-issuers and subsidiary guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement became guarantors of the 2024 Six Notes, 2025 Six Notes, 2027 Six Notes, and 2031 Six Notes. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the supplemental indentures to the 2025 Six Notes and the 2032 Six Notes, each of the Cedar Fair subsidiary guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement (the "Cedar Fair Subsidiary Guarantors") also entered into certain security agreements, pursuant to which the Cedar Fair Subsidiary Guarantors granted a first priority security interest in substantially all of their assets (subject to certain exceptions) to secure the 2025 Six Notes and the 2032 Six Notes. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 x beginning with the test period ending on or about December 31, 2024, with step-downs of bps after every four consecutive quarters, culminating at x beginning with the test period ending on or about December 31, 2027. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, and fixed rate note agreements include restricted payment provisions, which could limit the Combined Company's ability to pay dividends. Under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, if the pro forma Net Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to x, the Combined Company can make unlimited restricted payments so long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing. If the pro forma Net Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to x, the Combined Company can make restricted payments up to the then-available Cumulative Credit (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), so long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing. Irrespective of any leverage calculations, the Combined Company can make restricted payments not to exceed the greater of of Market Capitalization (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) and million annually. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2027 senior notes, which includes the most restrictive of the restricted payments provisions under the terms of the Combined Company's outstanding notes, even if the pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio (as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 senior notes) is greater than x, the Combined Company can still make restricted payments of million annually so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing. If the pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio is less than or equal to x, the Combined Company can make restricted payments up to its restricted payment pool so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof. The Combined Company's pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio was less than x as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, Cedar Fair entered into supplemental indentures related to the 2025 senior notes, 2027 senior notes, 2028 senior notes and 2029 senior notes (the "Amendments") following receipt of requisite consents from the holders of the notes. The Amendments enabled Cedar Fair to select November 2, 2023, the date the Merger Agreement with Former Six Flags was entered into, as the testing date for purposes of calculating, with respect to the Mergers and related transactions, any and all ratio tests under those notes, each of which was satisfied when tested on November 2, 2023. To become operative, the Amendments required a payment, which was made upon the consummation of the Mergers. The payment related to the 2025 senior notes was still required despite the redemption of those notes in May 2024. 

(7) 
 million in 2024 (subject to cost of living adjustments) to the limited partners of the partnership entities (the "Georgia Partnership" with respect to SFOG and the "Texas Partnership" with respect to SFOT) that own the Partnership Parks. Based on the Combined Company's ownership of units as of September 29, 2024, the Combined Company's share of the distribution will be approximately million. When combined with the minimum annual distributions incurred by Former Six Flags, the total minimum annual distributions for 2024 totaled million . 
 
 (ii) Minimum capital expenditures at each of the Partnership Parks during rolling periods, based generally on of the Partnership Parks revenues. The capital expenditures at the Partnership Parks is expected to be in excess of the minimum required expenditures for 2024 and was in excess of the minimum required expenditures for 2023. 
 
 (iii) An annual offer to purchase all outstanding limited partnership units at the Specified Price (defined below) to the extent tendered by the unitholders, which annual offer must remain open from March 31 through late April of each year, and any limited partnership interest tendered during such time period must be fully paid no later than May 15th of that year (the "Partnership 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 limited partnership units of the Georgia Partnership for million and units of the Texas Partnership for a nominal amount. 
 
 The agreed price for units tendered in the Partnership Park Put is based on a valuation of each of the respective Partnership Parks (the "Specified Price") that is the greater of (a) a valuation for each of the respective Partnership Parks derived by multiplying such park s weighted average EBITDA (as defined in the agreements that govern the partnerships) by a specified multiple in the case of SFOG and in the case of SFOT) and (b) a valuation derived from the highest prices previously offered for the units of the Partnership Parks by certain entities. In light of the temporary suspension of operations of the parks due to the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, which would have caused the specified price of the limited partnership units of the Partnership Parks to decrease in 2021 and thereafter, Former Six Flags adjusted the annual offer to purchase these units to set a minimum price floor for all future purchases. Pursuant to the new minimum price floor, the Specified Price for the Partnership Parks, if determined as of September 29, 2024, is million in the case of SFOG and million in the case of SFOT. As of September 29, 2024, the Combined Company owned approximately and of the Georgia limited partner interests and Texas limited partner interests, respectively. The remaining redeemable units of approximatel y and of the Georgia limited partner interests and Texas limited partner interests, respectively, represent a current redemption value of approximately million . The obligations with respect to SFOG and SFOT will continue until 2027 and 2028, respectively. 
 
 (iv) Either (a) purchasing all of the outstanding limited partnership interests in the Partnership Parks through the exercise of a call option upon the earlier of the occurrence of specified events and the end of the term of the partnership that hold the Partnership Parks in 2027 in the case of SFOG and 2028 in the case of SFOT, or (b) causing each of the partnerships that hold the Partnership Parks to have no indebtedness and to meet certain other financial tests as of the end of the term of such partnership. 
 
 In January 2027 with respect to the Georgia Partnership and in January 2028 with respect to the Texas Partnership, the Combined Company will have the option (each the "End-of-Term Option") to require the redemption of all the limited partnership units that the Combined Company does not then own in the Partnerships. To exercise the End-of-Term Option, the Combined Company must give the Georgia Partnership notice of its exercise no later than December 31, 2024, and the Combined Company must give the Texas Partnership notice of its exercise no later than December 31, 2025. If the End-of-Term Option is not exercised, the parties may decide to renew and extend the arrangements relating to the Partnership Parks. Alternatively, if the End-of-Term Option is not exercised, the Partnership Park entities may be sold and the proceeds applied to redeem the outstanding interests in the Georgia Partnership and Texas Partnership, as applicable. If the End-of-Term Option is exercised, the price offered, and required to be accepted by the holders' of the limited units that the Combined Company does not then own, is based on the agreed upon value of the partnerships included in the original agreements, multiplied by the change in the Consumer Price Index ("CPI") between the beginning and end of the agreement. The agreements for the Georgia Partnership and Texas Partnership began in 1997 and 1998, respectively. The agreed-upon value for the partnerships when the agreements were executed was million and million for SFOG and SFOT, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the agreed-upon value, as adjusted for CPI, would be million and million for SFOG and SFOT, respectively. The agreed-upon values, if determined as of December 31, 2023, multiplied by the and of units held by the limited partner for SFOG and SFOT respectively, represent million and million that would be required to be paid to the limited partner of SFOG and SFOT, respectively if the End-of-Option Term were to be exercised. The actual agreed upon value of the End-of-Term Option will be further adjusted by CPI until the end of each respective agreement. The decision to exercise, or not exercise, the End-of-Term Option for either of SFOG or SFOT will ultimately be made based on numerous factors, including prevailing macro-economic and industry conditions and the cost and availability of financing to fund the purchase. 
 
 Cash flows from operations at the Partnership Parks are used to satisfy the above requirements before any funds are required from the Combined Company. After the payment of the minimum distribution, the Combined Company is entitled to a management fee equal to of prior year gross revenues and, thereafter, any additional cash is distributed first to any management fee in arrears and then towards the repayment of any interest and principal on intercompany loans. Any additional cash, to the extent available, is distributed to the Combined Company in the case of SFOG and to the Combined Company in the case of SFOT. The Partnership Parks generated approximately million of cash in 2023, after deduction of capital expenditures and excluding the impact of short-term intercompany advances from or payments to Former Six Flags. 
 
 Former Six Flags entered into a Subordinated Indemnity Agreement with certain of the Combined Company's entities, Time Warner, and an affiliate of Time Warner (an indirect subsidiary of AT T Inc. as a result of a merger in 2018), pursuant to which, among other things, Former Six Flags transferred to Time Warner (which has guaranteed all of the obligations under the Partnership Park arrangements) record title to the corporations that own the entities that purchase limited partnership units of the Partnership Parks, and Former Six Flags received an assignment from Time Warner of all cash flow received on such limited partnership units, and the Combined Company otherwise controls such entities. In addition, Former Six Flags issued preferred stock of the managing partner of the partnerships to Time Warner. In the event of default by the Combined Company under the Subordinated Indemnity Agreement or of the Combined Company's obligations to the partners in the Partnership Parks, these arrangements would permit Time Warner to take full control of both the entities that own limited partnership units and the managing partner. If the Combined Company satisfies all such obligations, Time Warner is required to transfer to the Combined 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Mergers N ote 2 
 Purchase of redeemable units Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance as of September 29, 2024 
 
 million and million, respectively. 

(8) 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023 , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 was and , respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023. 
 The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 differed from the United States Federal statutory rate of 21 for pre-merger publicly traded partnership tax ("PTP tax"), partnership income or loss not subject to corporate income tax, non-deductible executive compensation, state and local income taxes and tax rate differences in foreign jurisdictions. For the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Combined Company also recognized discrete tax benefits for the change in tax status associated with the Mergers discussed in Note 2 , primarily related to recognition of certain deferred tax assets, offset by certain adjustments to account for non-deductible executive compensation. Prior to the Mergers, Former Cedar Fair was subject to PTP tax on certain partnership level gross income (net revenues less cost of food, merchandise, and games revenues), state and local income taxes on partnership income, U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on income from its corporate subsidiaries and foreign income taxes on its foreign subsidiary. As such, the total provision (benefit) for taxes prior to the Mergers includes amounts for the PTP tax and federal, state, local and foreign income taxes. The Partnership (Cedar Fair, L.P.) ceased to exist in connection with the Mergers. Following the completion of the Mergers, the Combined Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes in addition to state and local income taxes as a corporation. This subjects all domestic and Canadian branch earnings (losses) before the provision for income taxes to a U.S. statutory rate of 21 and all earnings (losses) before provision of income taxes derived from operations in Mexico and Canada to their respective statutory rates of 30 and 26.5 . Under applicable accounting rules, the total provision (benefit) for income taxes includes the amount of taxes payable for the current year and the impact of deferred tax assets and liabilities, which represents future tax consequences of events that are recognized in different periods in the financial statements than for tax purposes. 
 
 The total tax provision (benefit) for interim periods is determined by applying an estimated annual effective tax rate to the applicable quarterly income (loss). The consolidated estimated annual effective tax rate differed from the statutory federal income tax rate primarily due to state, local and foreign income taxes, certain nondeductible executive compensation and the effect of the partnership distributions for the Six Flags Over Georgia Partnership and Six Flags Over Texas Partnership. 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued interest and penalties, were not material in any period presented. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as income tax expense. 
 
 Valuation allowances have been recorded on certain deferred tax assets due to uncertainties related to the ability to use some of the deferred tax assets. The valuation is based on estimates of taxable income by jurisdiction and the period over which the deferred tax assets are recoverable. Projected taxable income over the foreseeable future indicates all of the federal net operating loss carryforwards will be able to be used prior to expiration. The majority of the remaining valuation allowance is based on the inability to use foreign tax credits and state deferred tax assets related to net operating losses that were generated in states where the Combined Company no longer does business or where the Combined Company has consistently not generated taxable income. Management does not believe that the Mergers will have a significant effect on the ability to use net operating losses. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

(9) 
 million. There were million limited partnership units repurchased under the August 2022 repurchase program during the nine months ended September 24, 2023 at an average price of per limited partner unit for an aggregate amount of million. There was remaining availability under the August 2022 repurchase program following the repurchase of units under that program during April 2023. Accordingly, there were limited partnership units repurchased under the August 2022 repurchase program during the three months ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 On May 4, 2023, Former Cedar Fair announced that the Board of Directors of its general partner authorized the Partnership to repurchase additional units for an aggregate amount of not more than million. There were million units repurchased under the May 2023 repurchase program during the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023 at an average price of per limited partner unit for an aggregate amount of million. Accordingly, there was a total of million units repurchased under the August 2022 and May 2023 repurchase programs during the nine months ended September 24, 2023 at an average price of per limited partner unit for an aggregate amount of million. There were units repurchased during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 under either program. 
 
 Subject to applicable rules and regulations, Former Cedar Fair could have repurchased units from time-to-time in the open market or by negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of such repurchases were based on a variety of factors, including liquidity, capital needs of the business, market conditions, regulatory requirements, and other business considerations. No limit was placed on the duration of either repurchase program. The Partnership was not obligated to repurchase any minimum dollar amount or specific number of units, and could modify, suspend, or discontinue the program at any time. 
 
 There are no repurchase programs outstanding related to the Combined Company following the Mergers. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 (10) 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Administrative fees Total net periodic expense (benefit) ) Discount rate Rate of compensation increase N/A Expected return on plan assets 

(11) 
 Basic weighted average common shares / LP units outstanding Effect of dilutive awards: Deferred stock units Performance stock units Restricted stock units Diluted weighted average common shares / LP units outstanding Net income per common shares / LP units - basic Net income per common shares / LP units - diluted 
 
 There were approximately million potentially dilutive units excluded from the computation of diluted net income per common share for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 (12) 
 Other financial assets (liabilities): Term debt Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 2025 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) ) ) 2027 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2028 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2029 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2025 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 2027 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 2031 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 2032 notes at 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 
 (1) Carrying values of long-term debt balances are before reductions for (1) current maturities of long-term debt of million as of September 29, 2024; (2) debt issuance costs and original issue discount of million, million and million as of September 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023, respectively; and (3) acquisition fair value layers of million as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, management tested the Schlitterbahn reporting unit's fair value due to a decline in estimated future cash flows as a result of shifting investment priorities at those locations following the Mergers. Management concluded the estimated fair value of goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit no longer exceeded its carrying value. Therefore, a million impairment of the goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. The impairment charge was equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the fair value and was recorded in "Loss on impairment of goodwill" within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 The fair value of reporting units is established using a combination of an income (discounted cash flow) approach and market approach and includes numerous assumptions based on Level 3 inputs. The primary assumptions used to determine the fair value of reporting units includes growth rates in revenues and costs, estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash expenditures, terminal value growth rates, future estimates of capital expenditures, changes in future capital requirements, and a weighted-average cost of capital that reflected current market conditions. 
 
 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, revolving credit loans, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. There were no other assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 or September 24, 2023. The net plan asset for the Former Six Flags pension plan will be measured at fair value annually. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 (13) 
 parks in Mexico and parks in Canada. The Combined Company also recognizes revenue and expense related to the development of a Six Flags-branded park outside of North America. These management fees are disclosed as "Domestic" within the below tables. Prior to the Mergers, Former Cedar Fair did not disclose geographic segment related information as it had only foreign park, and management believed disclosure of a single park's results provided sensitive information to its competitors. As a result, the below information only includes results since the Closing Date of the Mergers. 
 
 Foreign Total 
 
 Foreign Total Income before taxes Domestic Foreign Total 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to facilitate an understanding of the Combined Company's business and results of operations and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion should also be read in conjunction with the Combined Company's consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section of Cedar Fair's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Merger Agreement with Six Flags: 
 On July 1, 2024, the previously announced merger of equals transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, by and among CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc., Cedar Fair, Former Six Flags and Copper Merger Sub, was completed. Upon the consummation of the Mergers, the separate legal existences of each of Copper Merger Sub, Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags ceased, and the Combined Company changed its name to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation . The Combined Company trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "FUN". References to the "Partnership," "Cedar Fair," or "Former Cedar Fair" are to Cedar Fair prior to the Mergers, and references to the "Combined Company" are to Cedar Fair, Former Six Flags and Copper Merger Sub after giving effect to the Mergers. The Mergers were entered into to create a leading amusement park operator with an expanded and diversified property portfolio, improved guest experience utilizing the complementary operating capabilities of Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags, and the opportunity for accelerated investment in the Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags properties with the cash flows of the Combined Company. For additional information, see the Explanatory Note in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 2 . 
 
 The Mergers are accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Former Cedar Fair has been determined to be the accounting acquirer and the predecessor for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, unless indicated otherwise, financial results and disclosures within this Management's Discussion and Analysis referring to periods prior to the Closing Date include only Former Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers, including the financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and September 24, 2023 and for the three and nine months ended September 24, 2023. The results for Former Six Flags are included in the Combined Company's results from the Closing Date forward. Accordingly, financial results and disclosures for the three months ended September 29, 2024 reflect the Combined Company's operations. Financial results for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 reflect combined operations for only July 1, 2024, through September 29, 2024, and include only Former Cedar Fair's results before giving effect to the Mergers for the first six months of 2024. 
 
 Business Overview: 
 The Combined Company generates revenues from sales of (1) admission to amusement parks and water parks, (2) food, merchandise and games both inside and outside the parks, and (3) accommodations, extra-charge products, and other revenue sources. The Combined Company's principal costs and expenses, which include salaries and wages, operating supplies, maintenance, insurance and advertising, are relatively fixed for a typical operating season and do not vary significantly with attendance. 
 
 Each of the parks are overseen by a general manager and operate autonomously. Management reviews operating results, evaluates performance and makes operating decisions, including allocating resources, on a park-by-park basis. Discrete financial information and operating results are prepared at the individual park level for use by the CEO, who is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as well as by the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice Presidents and the general managers of the parks. The Combined Company operates within a single reportable segment of amusement/water parks with accompanying resort facilities. 

Critical Accounting Policies: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Combined Company, which were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions during the normal course of business that affect the amounts reported in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 
 Management believes that judgment and estimates related to the following critical accounting policies could materially affect the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements: 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Self-Insurance Reserves 
 Revenue Recognition 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Mergers were completed (see Note 2 ). Therefore, Accounting for Business Combinations has been identified as a Critical Accounting Policy and included below. There were no other changes to the above critical accounting policies from those previously disclosed in Cedar Fair's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
 Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with acquisitions are based on estimated fair values as of the date of the acquisition, with the remainder, if any, recorded as goodwill. The fair values are determined by management, taking into consideration information supplied by the management of the acquired entities, valuations supplied by independent appraisal experts and other relevant information. The determination of fair values requires significant judgment by management. 
 
 During the measurement period, which may be a period of up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred. 

Results of Operations: 
 The following operational measures are key performance metrics in the Combined Company's managerial and operational reporting. They are used as major factors in significant operational decisions as they are primary drivers of financial and operational performance, measuring demand, pricing and consumer behavior. In-park revenues, in-park per capita spending and out-of-park revenues are non-GAAP measures. 
 Attendance is defined as the number of guest visits to amusement parks and separately gated outdoor water parks. 
 In-park per capita spending is calculated as revenues generated within the amusement parks and separately gated outdoor water parks, along with related parking revenues and online transaction fees charged to customers in-park revenues ), divided by total attendance. 
 Out-of-park revenues are defined as revenues from resorts, out-of-park food and retail locations, sponsorships, international agreements and all other out-of-park operations. 
 Net revenues consist of in-park revenues and out-of-park revenues less amounts remitted to outside third parties under concessionaire arrangements; see Note 3 for a reconciliation of in-park revenues and out-of-park revenues to net revenues. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified from out-of-park revenues to in-park revenues following completion of the Mergers (see Note 1. Reclassifications ). 

Nine months ended September 29, 2024 vs. Nine months ended September 24, 2023 
 The results for the nine-month period ended September 29, 2024 are not directly comparable with the results for the nine-month period ended September 24, 2023. First, the nine-month period ended September 29, 2024 included the results of the acquired Former Six Flags operations from the Closing Date of the Mergers forward (see Note 2 ). Second, the current period consisted of a 39-week period compared with a 38-week period in the prior period for Former Cedar Fair. 
 
 The current nine-month period included 3,491 operating days compared with 1,988 operating days for the nine-month period ended September 24, 2023, an increase of 1,503 operating days. There were 1,591 operating days in the third quarter of 2024 at Former Six Flags parks following the completion of the Mergers. There were also 31 additional operating days period over period at Former Cedar Fair parks due to the fiscal calendar shift. These increases were partially offset by 119 fewer operating days driven by fewer planned early season operating days at some of Former Cedar Fair's seasonal parks. In particular, Carowinds, Kings Dominion and California's Great America were open additional operating days in January and February in the prior period that were not planned in the current period. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents key financial information for the Combined Company for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 Nine months ended Increase (Decrease) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except per capita and operating days) Net revenues 2,021,616 1,427,545 594,071 41.6 Operating costs and expenses 1,496,436 1,009,706 486,730 48.2 Depreciation and amortization 211,887 127,711 84,176 65.9 Loss on impairment / retirement of fixed assets, net 11,406 12,779 (1,373) N/M Loss on impairment of goodwill 42,462 42,462 N/M Operating income 259,425 277,349 (17,924) (6.5) Other Data: Attendance 30,955 20,889 10,066 48.2 In-park per capita spending 61.21 62.94 (1.73) (2.7) Out-of-park revenues 184,623 155,366 29,257 18.8 Operating days 3,491 1,988 1,503 75.6 Net income margin (1) 
 2.8 9.4 (6.6) 
 
 N/M Not meaningful due to the nature of the expense line-item. 
 (1) Net income margin is calculated as net income divided by net revenues. 
 For the nine months ended September 29, 2024, net revenues increased 594.1 million compared with the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in net revenues reflected 558.0 million in net revenues contributed by Former Six Flags operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 and a 36.1 million increase in net revenues contributed by Former Cedar Fair operations during the nine months ended September 29, 2024 compared to the prior period. The increase in net revenues reflected the impact of a 10.1 million-visit increase in attendance and a 29.3 million increase in out-of-park revenues, partially offset by the impact of a 1.73, or 2.7 , decrease in in-park per capita spending. The 10.1 million-visit increase in attendance included a 9.2 million-visit increase resulting from attendance at Former Six Flags parks in the third quarter of 2024 following the Mergers and a 0.6 million-visit increase attributable to the fiscal calendar shift for Former Cedar Fair, with the remaining increase driven by higher season pass sales at Former Cedar Fair parks, improved weather in California, and increased demand at Former Cedar Fair's parks with significant marketable new rides and attractions. These factors were partially offset by the impact of fewer planned operating days. Of the 1.73 decrease in in-park per capita spending, 0.39 of the decrease related to the impact of in-park per capita spending at the Former Six Flags parks during the third quarter of 2024, with the remaining decrease attributable to a planned decrease in average season pass pricing and a higher mix of season pass visitation at the Former Cedar Fair parks, partially offset by improved in-park per capita spending for food and beverage and extra-charge products at the Former Cedar Fair parks, including Fast Lane. The 29.3 million increase in out-of-park revenues was due primarily to 20.9 million contributed by Former Six Flags operations in the third quarter of 2024, and 3.1 million in increased out-of-park revenues due to the fiscal calendar shift for Former Cedar Fair, with the remaining increase largely attributable to increased revenues from the Knott's Hotel following a recent renovation. The increase in net revenues included a 2.9 million unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Operating costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 486.7 million compared with the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in operating costs and expenses was the result of a 259.9 million increase in operating expenses, a 181.1 million increase in selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses and a 45.7 million increase in cost of goods sold. The 259.9 million increase in operating expenses included a 245.2 million increase related to Former Six Flags operations in the third quarter of 2024, a 15.9 million increase due to the fiscal calendar shift for Former Cedar Fair and a 22.5 million increase in self-insurance reserves at Former Cedar Fair (see Note 1 ). Excluding these factors, operating expenses decreased in relation to Former Cedar Fair operations largely as a result of a planned reduction in labor costs totaling 19.3 million, including declines in seasonal hours and full-time head count, including related benefits, and a planned reduction in operating supplies, particularly for live entertainment. The 181.1 million increase in SG A expenses included 80.9 million of additional expenses related to Former Six Flags operations in the third quarter of 2024, 75.5 million of increased transaction and integration costs incurred as the accounting acquirer in the Mergers, and 2.4 million due to the fiscal calendar shift for Former Cedar Fair. Excluding these factors, SG A expenses increased at Former Cedar Fair due to higher full-time wages of 15.1 million, including bonuses and equity compensation, and to a lesser extent, advertising and costs related to information technology. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of food, merchandise and games revenue decreased 0.7 , of which 0.1 was a result of the Mergers, and the remainder of which was driven by both planned reductions in costs and higher pricing at Former Cedar Fair. The increase in operating costs and expenses included a 1.3 million favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 84.2 million compared with the nine months ended September 24, 2023. A 95.0 million increase in depreciation expense was attributable to the Mergers, which was partially offset by the impact of a change in interim depreciation method for Former Cedar Fair (see Note 1 ). The loss on impairment / retirement of fixed assets for both periods was due to retirement of assets in the normal course of business, which in the prior period included the retirement of two specific assets. During the third quarter of 2024, management tested the Schlitterbahn reporting unit's fair value due to a decline in estimated future cash flows as a result of shifting investment priorities at those locations following the Mergers. Management concluded the estimated fair value of goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit no longer exceeded its carrying value. Therefore, a 42.5 million impairment of the goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 After the items above, operating income for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 totaled 259.4 million compared with 277.3 million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The amount for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 included 91.2 million of operating income activity relating to the Former Six Flags operations in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Interest expense, net for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 increased 51.8 million as a result of 39.2 million of interest incurred on debt acquired in the Mergers, as well as refinancing events during the current period, including the full redemption of the 2025 senior notes which were refinanced with a 1.0 billion senior secured term loan facility, and additional revolver borrowings in the current period. The refinancing events also resulted in a loss on early debt extinguishment of 8.0 million during the current period. Other (income) expense, net primarily represented the remeasurement of U.S. dollar denominated notes to an entity's functional currency. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 29, 2024, a provision for income taxes of 31.1 million was recorded compared with 40.2 million for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in provision for income taxes was primarily attributable to lower pre-tax book income relative to the comparable period and certain discrete tax effects associated with the Mergers partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation and state and local income taxes. 
 
 After the items above and income attributable to non-controlling interests (see Note 7 ), net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 totaled 33.1 million, or 0.49 per diluted common share, 3.0 million of which is from activity relating to the Former Six Flags operations in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 134.5 million, or 2.61 per diluted limited partner unit, for the nine months ended September 24, 2023. Net income margin decreased 6.6 largely due to the 75.5 million of increased transaction and integration costs and the 42.5 million impairment of goodwill related to the Schlitterbahn reporting unit incurred during the current period. 

Three months ended September 29, 2024 vs. Three months ended September 24, 2023 
 The results for the three-month period ended September 29, 2024 are not directly comparable with the results for the three-month period ended September 24, 2023. First, the three-month period ended September 29, 2024 included the results of the acquired Former Six Flags operations since the Closing Date of the Mergers (see Note 2 ). Second, the current period consisted of the thirteen-week period ended September 29, 2024 while the prior period consisted of the thirteen-week period ended September 24, 2023 for Former Cedar Fair. 
 
 The current three-month period included 2,585 operating days compared with 1,091 operating days for the three-month period ended September 24, 2023. This 1,494 operating day increase was driven by 1,591 operating days in the third quarter of 2024 at Former Six Flags parks following completion of the Mergers. Those additional operating days were offset by 71 fewer days period over period at Former Cedar Fair parks due to the fiscal calendar shift and 26 fewer days attributable to planned closure of low volume operating days and unplanned closures due to inclement weather. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents key financial information for the Combined Company for the three months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 Three months ended Increase (Decrease) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (Amounts in thousands, except per capita and operating days) Net revenues 1,348,385 842,009 506,376 60.1 Operating costs and expenses 894,182 467,430 426,752 91.3 Depreciation and amortization 144,560 65,936 78,624 119.2 Loss on impairment / retirement of fixed assets, net 4,671 2,018 2,653 N/M Loss on impairment of goodwill 42,462 42,462 N/M Operating income 262,510 306,625 (44,115) (14.4) Other Data: Attendance 20,971 12,433 8,538 68.7 In-park per capita spending 61.27 62.70 (1.43) (2.3) Out-of-park revenues 102,265 85,995 16,270 18.9 Operating days 2,585 1,091 1,494 136.9 Net income margin (1) 
 10.0 25.6 (15.6) 
 
 N/M Not meaningful due to the nature of the expense line-item. 
 (1) Net income margin is calculated as net income divided by net revenues. 
 For the three months ended September 29, 2024, net revenues increased 506.4 million compared with the three months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in net revenues reflected 558.0 million in net revenues contributed by Former Six Flags operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 offset by 51.6 million in lower net revenues for Former Cedar Fair operations during the three months ended September 29, 2024 compared to the prior year period. The increase in net revenues reflected the impact of an 8.5 million-visit increase in attendance and a 16.3 million increase in out-of-park revenues, partially offset by the impact of a 1.43, or 2.3 , decrease in in-park per capita spending. The 8.5 million-visit increase in attendance included a 9.2 million-visit increase resulting from attendance at Former Six Flags parks following the Mergers offset by a 460,000-visit decrease at Former Cedar Fair parks driven by the calendar shift in the current period for Former Cedar Fair. The remaining 200,000-visit decrease was driven by inclement weather at multiple Former Cedar Fair parks, including the impact of hurricanes and flooding. Of the 1.43 decrease in in-park per capita spending, 0.77 of the decrease related to the impact of in-park per capita spending at the Former Six Flags parks, with the remaining decrease attributable to a planned decrease in average season pass pricing and a higher mix of season pass visitation at the Former Cedar Fair parks, partially offset by improved in-park per capita spending for food and beverage and extra-charge products at the Former Cedar Fair parks, including Fast Lane. The 16.3 million increase in out-of-park revenues was due to 20.9 million contributed by Former Six Flags operations offset by a 4.6 million decrease due to the fiscal calendar shift for Former Cedar Fair. The increase in net revenues included a 1.9 million unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Operating costs and expenses for the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 426.8 million compared with the three months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in operating costs and expenses was the result of a 242.5 million increase in operating expenses, a 144.5 million increase in SG A expenses and a 39.8 million increase in cost of goods sold. The 242.5 million increase in operating expenses included a 245.2 million increase related to Former Six Flags operations and a 17.9 million increase in self-insurance reserves at Former Cedar Fair described above offset by a 9.7 million decrease due to the calendar shift in the current period for Former Cedar Fair. Excluding these factors, operating expenses decreased in relation to Former Cedar Fair operations largely as a result of a planned reduction in seasonal labor costs totaling 4.7 million and operating supply costs, particularly for live entertainment. The 144.5 million increase in SG A expenses included 80.9 million of additional expenses related to Former Six Flags operations, 54.5 million of increased transaction and integration costs incurred as the accounting acquirer in the Mergers, and higher full-time wages of 6.2 million primarily driven by bonuses at Former Cedar Fair. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of food, merchandise and games revenue increased 0.3 , of which 0.1 was a result of the Mergers, and the remainder of which was driven by an increase in food and beverage costs at Former Cedar Fair. The increase in operating costs and expenses included a 0.8 million favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 78.6 million compared with the three months ended September 24, 2023. A 95.0 million increase in depreciation expense was attributable to the Mergers, which was somewhat offset by the impact of a change in interim depreciation method for Former Cedar Fair. The loss on impairment / retirement of fixed assets for both periods was due to retirement of assets in the normal course of business. During the third quarter of 2024, management tested the Schlitterbahn reporting unit's fair value due to a decline in estimated future cash flows as a result of shifting investment priorities at those locations following the Mergers. Management concluded the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 estimated fair value of goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit no longer exceeded its carrying value. Therefore, a 42.5 million impairment of the goodwill at the Schlitterbahn reporting unit was recorded during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 After the items above, operating income for the three months ended September 29, 2024 totaled 262.5 million compared with 306.6 million for the three months ended September 24, 2023. The amount for the three months ended September 29, 2024 included 91.2 million of operating income from activity relating to the Former Six Flags operations. 
 
 Interest expense, net for the three months ended September 29, 2024 increased 46.4 million as a result of 39.2 million of interest incurred on debt acquired in the Mergers, as well as refinancing events during the current period, including the full redemption of the 2025 senior notes in full which were refinanced with a 1.0 billion senior secured term loan facility, and additional revolver borrowings in the current period. The refinancing events also resulted in a loss on early debt extinguishment of 2.1 million during the current period representing consent payments on the 2025 senior notes (see Note 6 ). Other (income) expense, net primarily represented the remeasurement of U.S. dollar denominated notes to the Canadian entity's functional currency. 
 
 During the three months ended September 29, 2024, a provision for income taxes of 43.3 million was recorded compared with 50.7 million for the three months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in provision for income taxes was primarily attributable to lower pre-tax book income relative to the comparable period and certain discrete tax effects associated with the Mergers partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation and state and local income taxes. 
 
 After the items above and income attributable to non-controlling interests (see Note 7 ), net income attributable to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation for the three months ended September 29, 2024 totaled 111.0 million, or 1.10 per diluted common share, 3.0 million of which is from activity relating to the Former Six Flags operations, compared with 215.5 million, or 4.21 per diluted limited partner unit, for the three months ended September 24, 2023. Net income margin decreased 15.6 primarily due to the 54.5 million of increased transaction and integration costs and the 42.5 million impairment of goodwill related to the Schlitterbahn reporting unit incurred during the current period. 

October Update 
 For the five week period ended November 3, 2024, preliminary attendance for the Combined Company totaled 6.5 million visits, which was up 20 compared with combined attendance for Former Cedar Fair and Former Six Flags over the five week period ended November 5, 2023. 

Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Modified EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, other non-cash items, and adjustments as defined in the Combined Company's credit agreement. Adjusted EBITDA represents Modified EBITDA minus net income attributable to non-controlling interests. Both measures have been included to disclose the effect of non-controlling interests. Prior to the Mergers, Former Cedar Fair did not have net income attributable to non-controlling interests. Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measurements of operating performance computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and should not be considered as a substitute for operating income, net income or cash flows from operating activities computed in accordance with GAAP. Management believes Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are meaningful measures of park-level operating profitability, and use them for measuring returns on capital investments, evaluating potential acquisitions, determining awards under incentive compensation plans, and calculating compliance with certain loan covenants. Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by analysts, investors and comparable companies in the industry to evaluate operating performance on a consistent basis, as well as more easily compare results with those of other companies in the industry. These measures are provided as a supplemental measure of the Combined Company's operating results and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The table below sets forth a reconciliation of Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income for the three and nine-month periods ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023. The results for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 include the results of the acquired Former Six Flags operations from the Closing Date of the Mergers forward (see Note 2 ). 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (In thousands) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net income 135,465 215,494 57,551 134,512 Interest expense, net 81,742 35,296 155,903 104,099 Provision for taxes 43,341 50,673 31,135 40,246 Depreciation and amortization 144,560 65,936 211,887 127,711 EBITDA 405,108 367,399 456,476 406,568 Loss on early debt extinguishment 2,063 7,974 Non-cash foreign currency (gain) loss (1,122) 5,460 5,880 (1,674) Non-cash equity compensation expense 39,131 8,221 53,550 15,841 Loss on retirement of fixed assets, net 4,671 2,018 11,406 12,779 Loss on impairment of goodwill 42,462 42,462 Costs related to the Mergers (1) 
 73,335 5,012 94,610 5,012 Self-insurance adjustment (2) 
 14,865 14,865 Other (3) 
 2,019 385 3,593 284 Modified EBITDA 582,532 388,495 690,816 438,810 Modified EBITDA attributable to non-controlling interests 24,499 24,499 Adjusted EBITDA 558,033 388,495 666,317 438,810 Modified EBITDA margin (4) 
 43.2 46.1 34.2 30.7 
 (1) Consists of third-party legal and consulting transaction costs, as well as integration costs related to the Mergers. Integration costs include third-party consulting costs, travel costs and contract termination costs. See Note 2 for additional information related to the Mergers. These costs are added back to net income to calculate Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as defined in the Combined Company's credit agreement and were recorded within "Selling, general and administrative" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income. 
 (2) During the third quarter of 2024, an actuarial analysis of Former Cedar Fair's self-insurance reserves resulted in a change in estimate that increased the incurred but not reported ("IBNR") reserves related to these self-insurance reserves by 14.9 million, which was recorded within "Operating expenses" in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The increase was driven by an observed pattern of increasing litigation and settlement costs. See Note 1 for additional information. 
 (3) Consists of certain costs as defined in the Combined Company's credit agreement. These costs are added back to net income to calculate Modified EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and have included certain legal expenses, severance and related benefits, and contract termination costs. This balance also includes unrealized gains and losses on short-term investments. 
 (4) Modified EBITDA margin (Modified EBITDA divided by net revenues) is not a measurement computed in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Modified EBITDA margin is provided because management believes the measure provides a meaningful metric of operating profitability. Modified EBITDA margin has been disclosed as opposed to Adjusted EBITDA margin because management believes Modified EBITDA margin more accurately reflects the park-level operations of the Combined Company as it does not give effect to distributions to non-controlling interests. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 29, 2024, Adjusted EBITDA increased 227.5 million compared with the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA included 206.3 million as a result of the Mergers, 14.7 million due to the fiscal calendar shift, and 6.5 million due to Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis. For the nine months ended September 29, 2024, Modified EBITDA margin increased 3.5 compared with the nine months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in Modified EBITDA margin included a 2.7 increase as a result of the Mergers, 0.3 due to the fiscal calendar shift, and 0.5 due to Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis. The 6.5 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA and 0.5 increase in Modified EBITDA margin from Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis was primarily due to lower planned costs, particularly labor costs, in the current period. 
 
 For the three months ended September 29, 2024, Adjusted EBITDA increased 169.5 million compared with the three months ended September 24, 2023. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA included 206.3 million as a result of the Mergers offset by a 20.9 million decrease due to the fiscal calendar shift and a 15.9 million decrease due to Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis. For the three months ended September 29, 2024, Modified EBITDA margin decreased 2.9 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 compared with the three months ended September 24, 2023. The decrease in Modified EBITDA margin included a 1.3 decrease as a result of the Mergers, 0.6 due to the fiscal calendar shift, and 1.0 due to Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis. The 15.9 million decrease in Adjusted EBITDA and 1.0 decrease in Modified EBITDA margin from Former Cedar Fair operations on a comparable calendar basis was primarily due to lower revenues driven by inclement weather somewhat offset by lower planned costs, particularly for seasonal labor and operating supplies, in the current period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources: 
 The Combined Company's principal sources of liquidity include cash from operating activities, funding from long-term debt obligations and existing cash on hand. Due to the seasonality of the business, pre-opening operations are funded with revolving credit borrowings, which are reduced with positive cash flow during the seasonal operating period. Primary uses of liquidity include operating expenses, capital expenditures, interest payments, and income tax obligations. With the Combined Company's revolving credit facility capacity and cash on hand, the Combined Company has sufficient liquidity to satisfy existing cash obligations through the fourth quarter of 2025. 
 
 Capital expenditures for the Combined Company are expected to total between 100 million and 110 million during the fourth quarter of 2024 and 500 million and 525 million in 2025. Cash interest payments for the Combined Company are expected to range from 110 million to 115 million during the fourth quarter of 2024 and 305 million to 315 million in 2025. Cash payments for income taxes for the Combined Company are expected to range from 45 to 50 million during the fourth quarter of 2024 and 130 million to 140 million in 2025. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents key cash flow information for the nine months ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 
 Nine months ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 (Amounts in thousands) Net cash from operating activities 405,983 330,018 Net cash for investing activities (378,705) (169,579) Net cash for financing activities (1,166) (126,575) Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents (1,895) (659) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 24,217 33,205 
 
 Net cash from operating activities for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 406.0 million, an increase of 76.0 million compared with the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to the inclusion of operations of the acquired Former Six Flags operations since the Closing Date of the Mergers offset by an increase in interest payments on Former Cedar Fair debt. 
 
 Net cash for investing activities for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 378.7 million, an increase of 209.1 million compared with the same period in the prior year. The increase was due to net cash consideration paid for the Mergers and the inclusion of capital expenditures of the acquired Former Six Flags operations since the Closing Date of the Mergers. 
 
 Net cash for financing activities for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 1.2 million, a decrease of 125.4 million compared with the same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributable to higher revolving credit facility borrowings in the current period, partially offset by repurchases of limited partnership units of Cedar Fair in the prior period. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Combined Company's primary contractual obligations consisted of outstanding long-term debt agreements and certain obligations pertaining to the Partnership Parks (see N ote 7 ). Before reduction for debt issuance costs, the Combined Company's long-term debt agreements at such date consisted of the following: 
 
 1.0 billion of senior secured term debt, maturing in May 2031 under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended. Amortization payments of 10.0 million per year, paid in equal quarterly installments, are required to be made on the term debt. The term debt bears interest at a rate equal to SOFR plus a margin of 200 bps per annum or base rate plus a margin of 100 bps per annum. There was 10.0 million of current maturities outstanding and payable within the next twelve months as of September 29, 2024 related to the senior secured term debt facility. 
 
 500 million of 5.375 senior unsecured notes, maturing in April 2027. Interest is payable under the 2027 senior notes semi-annually in April and October. 
 
 300 million of 6.500 senior unsecured notes, maturing in October 2028. Interest is payable under the 2028 senior notes semi-annually in April and October. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

500 million of 5.250 senior unsecured notes, maturing in July 2029. Interest is payable under the 2029 senior notes semi-annually in January and July. 
 
 200 million of 7.000 senior secured notes, maturing in July 2025. Interest is payable under the 2025 Six Notes semi-annually in January and July. 
 
 500 million of 5.500 senior unsecured notes, maturing in April 2027. Interest is payable under the 2027 Six Notes semi-annually in April and October. 
 
 800 million of 7.250 senior unsecured notes, maturing in May 2031. Interest is payable under the 2031 Six Notes semi-annually in May and November. 
 
 850 million of 6.625 senior secured notes, maturing in May 2032. Interest is payable under the 2032 Six Notes semi-annually in May and November. 
 
 156 million of borrowings under the 850 million senior secured revolving credit facility under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended. The revolving credit facility bears interest at Term SOFR or Term Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average plus a margin of 200 bps per annum, or base rate or Canadian prime rate plus a margin of 100 bps per annum; matures on July 1, 2029, following the amendment to the 2024 Credit Agreement and subject to a springing maturity date on the date that is 91 days prior to the final maturity of certain indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount greater than 200 million on such date; and requires a commitment fee of 50 bps per annum on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which is subject to decrease to 37.5 bps upon achievement of a 3.5x Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended). The 2024 Credit Agreement also provides for the issuance of documentary and standby letters of credit. After letters of credit of 40.9 million as of September 29, 2024, the Combined Company had 653.1 million of availability under the former revolving credit facility. Letters of credit are primarily in place to backstop insurance arrangements. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, 165 million of the outstanding balance of the 2025 Six Notes was paid on July 1, 2024 and the remaining 56.9 million outstanding balance of the 2024 Six Notes was paid on July 31, 2024. 
 
 With respect to the revolving credit facility only, the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, includes a maximum Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) financial maintenance covenant, which is required to be tested as of the last day of each quarter except for the quarter in which the consummation of the Mergers occurred. The maximum Net First Lien Leverage Ratio following the consummation of the Mergers is 5.25x beginning with the test period ending on or about December 31, 2024, with step-downs of 25 bps after every four consecutive quarters, culminating at 4.5x beginning with the test period ending on or about December 31, 2027. 
 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, and fixed rate note agreements include restricted payment provisions, which could limit the Combined Company's ability to pay dividends. Under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, if the pro forma Net Secured Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to 3.00x, the Combined Company can make unlimited restricted payments so long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing. If the pro forma Net Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) is less than or equal to 5.25x, the Combined Company can make restricted payments up to the then-available Cumulative Credit (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), so long as no event of default has occurred and is continuing. Irrespective of any leverage calculations, the Combined Company can make restricted payments not to exceed the greater of 7.0 of Market Capitalization (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) and 200 million annually. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2027 senior notes, which includes the most restrictive of the restricted payments provisions under the terms of the Combined Company's outstanding notes, even if the pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio (as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 senior notes) is greater than 5.25x, the Combined Company can still make restricted payments of 100 million annually so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing. If the pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio is less than or equal to 5.25x, the Combined Company can make restricted payments up to its restricted payment pool so long as no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof. The Combined Company's pro forma Total Indebtedness to Consolidated Cash Flow Ratio was less than 5.25x as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, Cedar Fair entered into supplemental indentures related to the 2025 senior notes, 2027 senior notes, 2028 senior notes and 2029 senior notes (the "Amendments") following receipt of requisite consents from the holders of the notes. The Amendments enabled Cedar Fair to select November 2, 2023, the date the Merger Agreement with Former Six Flags was entered into, as the testing date for purposes of calculating, with respect to the Mergers and related transactions, any and all ratio tests under those notes, each of which was satisfied when tested on November 2, 2023. To become operative, the Amendments required a payment, which was made upon the consummation of the Mergers. The payment related to the 2025 senior notes was still required despite the redemption of those notes in May 2024. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Financial and Non-Financial Disclosure About Issuers and Guarantors of Registered Senior Notes 
 Three tranches of fixed rate senior notes outstanding as of September 29, 2024 were registered under the Securities Act of 1933: the 2027, 2028 and 2029 senior notes, or the "registered senior notes". The Combined Company, Canada's Wonderland Company ("Cedar Canada"), Magnum Management Corporation ("Magnum"), and Millennium Operations LLC Millennium are the co-issuers of the registered senior notes. Substantially concurrently with the closing and in connection with the Mergers, the Combined Company entered into supplemental indentures to assume all of Former Cedar Fair's obligations under the indentures governing the registered senior notes. Pursuant to the supplemental indentures, each of the Former Six Flags subsidiary guarantors under the 2024 Credit Agreement agreed to fully and unconditionally guarantee the registered senior notes. As a result, the registered senior notes are irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by each wholly owned subsidiary of the Combined Company (other than the co-issuers) that guarantee the credit facilities under the 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended. A full listing of the issuers and guarantors of the registered senior notes as of September 29, 2024 can be found within Exhibit 22. 
 
 The registered senior notes each rank equally in right of payment with all of each issuer s existing and future senior unsecured debt. However, the registered senior notes rank effectively junior to any secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt, including under the 2024 Credit Agreement, the 2025 Six Notes and the 2032 Six Notes. 
 
 In the event that the co-issuers (except for the Combined Company) or any subsidiary guarantor is released from its obligations under the 2024 Credit Agreement, such entity will also be released from its obligations under the 2027 and 2029 senior notes and from its guarantee under the 2028 senior notes. In addition, the co-issuers (except for the Combined Company) or any subsidiary guarantor can be released from its obligations under the registered senior notes under the following circumstances, assuming the associated transactions are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the indentures governing the registered senior notes: i) in the case of co-issuers (other than the Combined Company), any direct or indirect sale, conveyance or other disposition of the capital stock of such entity following which the entity ceases to be a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Combined Company or a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of such entity made in accordance with the applicable indenture; ii) if such entity is dissolved or liquidated; iii) if an entity is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as defined in each indenture); iv) in the case of the 2027 and 2029 senior notes, upon transfer of such entity in a qualifying transaction if following such transfer the entity ceases to be a direct or indirect Restricted Subsidiary (as defined in each indenture) of the Combined Company or is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a guarantor under any credit facility; or v) in the case of the subsidiary guarantors, upon a discharge of the indenture or upon any legal defeasance or covenant defeasance of the indenture. 
 
 The obligations of each guarantor are limited to the extent necessary to prevent such guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law. This provision may not, however, protect a guarantee from being voided under fraudulent transfer law, or may reduce the applicable guarantor s obligation to an amount that effectively makes its guarantee worthless. If a guarantee were rendered voidable, it could be subordinated by a court to all other indebtedness of the guarantor, and depending on the amount of such indebtedness, could reduce the guarantee to zero. Each guarantor that makes a payment or distribution under a guarantee is entitled to a pro rata contribution from each other guarantor based on the respective net assets of the guarantors. 
 
 The following tables provide summarized financial information for each of the co-issuers and guarantors of the registered senior notes (the "Obligor Group") as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Each entity that was a co-issuer of the registered senior notes is presented separately. The subsidiaries that guaranteed the registered senior notes were presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances and transactions between entities in such guarantor subsidiary group eliminated. Intercompany balances and transactions between the co-issuers and guarantor subsidiaries were not eliminated. Certain subsidiaries did not guarantee the credit facilities or senior notes (the "non-guarantor" subsidiaries). The summarized financial information excludes results of the non-guarantor subsidiaries and does not reflect investments of the Obligor Group in the non-guarantor subsidiaries. The Obligor Group's amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with the non-guarantor subsidiaries have not been eliminated and included intercompany receivables from non-guarantors of 111.2 million and 14.3 million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Summarized Financial Information (In thousands) Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (2024) Cedar Fair, L.P. (2023) (Parent) Magnum (Co-Issuer Subsidiary) Cedar Canada (Co-Issuer Subsidiary) Millennium (Co-Issuer Subsidiary) Guarantor Subsidiaries Balance as of September 29, 2024 Current Assets 580 91,498 95,382 158,270 2,001,013 Non-Current Assets 3,173,053 2,105,802 669,645 2,469,603 8,049,271 Current Liabilities 206,483 1,701,622 25,798 273,523 783,012 Non-Current Liabilities 369,982 1,880 362,931 1,711,429 3,079,917 Balance as of December 31, 2023 Current Assets 445 13,876 46,641 346,820 1,618,550 Non-Current Assets (269,050) 1,916,183 627,130 2,387,798 1,955,628 Current Liabilities 160,560 1,525,756 188,975 223,098 107,007 Non-Current Liabilities 148,854 2,019 16,985 2,141,096 141,402 
 Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 
 Net revenues 84,769 384,452 135,990 1,599,444 801,494 Operating (loss) income (10,000) (124,671) 52,795 98,170 227,895 Net income 47,400 66,760 51,080 166,060 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 
 Net revenues 87,790 478,478 173,321 1,935,516 447,639 Operating income (loss) 84,005 (153,697) 67,459 126,165 182,687 Net income 125,284 72,213 98,108 263,071 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Forward Looking Statements 
 Some of the statements contained in this report (including the "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section) that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements as to management's expectations, beliefs, goals and strategies regarding the future. Words such as "anticipate," "believe," "create," "expect," "future," "guidance," "intend," "plan," "potential," "seek," "synergies," "target," "will," "would," similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These forward-looking statements may involve current plans, estimates, expectations and ambitions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the Combined Company's control and could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct, that the Combined Company's growth and operational strategies will achieve the target results. Important risks and uncertainties that may cause such a difference and could adversely affect attendance at the Combined Company's parks, future financial performance, and/or the Combined Company's growth strategies, and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations or otherwise to fluctuate or decrease, include, but are not limited to: general economic, political and market conditions; the impacts of pandemics or other public health crises, including the effects of government responses on people and economies; adverse weather conditions; competition for consumer leisure time and spending; unanticipated construction delays; changes in capital investment plans and projects; anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the Combined Company s operations; failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Mergers, including difficulty in integrating the businesses of Former Six Flags and Cedar Fair; failure to realize the expected amount and timing of cost savings and operating synergies related to the Mergers; legislative, regulatory and economic developments and changes in laws, regulations, and policies affecting the Combined Company; acts of terrorism or outbreak of war, hostilities, civil unrest, and other political or security disturbances; and other risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" within Part II, Item 1A of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2024, in Cedar Fair's Annual Report on Form 10-K, in Former Six Flags' Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the other filings made from time to time with the SEC. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are based on information currently and reasonably known to management. The Combined Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future events, information or circumstances that arise after the filing date of this report. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Combined Company is exposed to market risks from fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates on operations in Canada and Mexico, and from time to time, on imported rides and equipment. The objective of the Combined Company's financial risk management is to reduce the potential negative impact of interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to acceptable levels. Market risk sensitive instruments are not acquired for trading purposes. 
 
 Interest rate risk is typically managed using a combination of fixed-rate long-term debt, interest rate swaps that fix variable-rate long-term debt, and variable-rate borrowings under a revolving credit facility. Translation exposures with regard to Canadian and Mexican operations are not hedged. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, variable rate debt included a 1.0 billion senior secured term loan facility and borrowings under an 850 million revolving credit facility under the 2024 Credit Agreement. Assuming the 1.0 billion senior secured term loan facility and the daily average balance over the past twelve months on revolving credit borrowings of approximately 117.0 million, a hypothetical 100 bps increase in 30-day SOFR on the variable-rate debt would lead to an increase of approximately 11.2 million in cash interest costs over the next twelve months. 
 
 A uniform 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso would have resulted in a 5.7 million decrease in operating income for the Combined Company's three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - 
 As of September 29, 2024, management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15(d)-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting - 
 The Mergers resulted in changes to the Combined Company's internal control over financial reporting during July 2024. The Combined Company is currently in the process of integrating, evaluating, and where necessary, implementing changes in controls and procedures as it relates to the Former Six Flags. Except for the impact of the Mergers, there have been no changes to the Combined Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 29, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Combined Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Combined Company is a party to a number of lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, none of these matters are expected to have a material effect in the aggregate on the consolidated financial statements with the exception of the lawsuits described herein. 
 
 Putative Securities Class Action Lawsuit 
 In February 2020, two putative securities class action complaints were filed against Former Six Flags and certain of its former executive officers (collectively, the defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas. On March 2, 2020, the two cases were consolidated in an action captioned Electrical Workers Pension Fund Local 103 I.B.E.W. v. Six Flags Entertainment Corp., et al. , Case No. 4:20-cv-00201-P (N.D. Tex.) (the Electrical Workers litigation ), and an amended complaint was filed on March 20, 2020. On May 8, 2020, Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System Oklahoma Firefighters and Electrical Workers Pension Fund Local 103 I.B.E.W. were appointed as lead plaintiffs, Bernstein Litowitz Berger Grossman LLP was appointed as lead counsel, and McKool Smith PC was appointed as liaison counsel. On July 2, 2020, lead plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants made materially false or misleading statements or omissions regarding Former Six Flags' business, operations and growth prospects, specifically with respect to the development of its Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd., in violation of the federal securities laws. The consolidated complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory damages and other relief on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of Former Six Flags publicly traded common stock during the period between April 24, 2018 and February 19, 2020. On August 3, 2020, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. On March 3, 2021, the district court granted defendants motion, dismissing the complaint in its entirety and with prejudice. 
 
 On August 25, 2021, Co-Lead Plaintiff Oklahoma Firefighters filed a notice of appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit the Fifth Circuit from the district court s decisions granting defendants motion to dismiss, denying plaintiffs motion to amend or set aside judgment, and denying plaintiffs motion for leave to file a supplemental brief. The appeal was fully briefed as of December 15, 2021, and oral argument was held on March 7, 2022. On January 18, 2023, the Fifth Circuit reversed the dismissal and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. On February 9, 2023, the Fifth Circuit mandate issued to the district court. On March 7, 2023, the district court entered a scheduling order governing pre-trial proceedings. On April 18, 2023, Oklahoma Firefighters filed a motion for leave to file an amended complaint that would add a new named plaintiff, remove former Co-Lead Plaintiff Electrical Workers Pension Fund Local 103 I.B.E.W., and modify the case caption. On May 2, 2023, defendants filed an opposition to that motion and a motion for judgment on the pleadings. On June 2, 2023, the district court granted defendants motion for judgment on the pleadings, dismissing the case with prejudice, and denied Oklahoma Firefighters motions. On June 30, 2023, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the Fifth Circuit from the district court s decisions. The appeal was fully briefed as of December 4, 2023, and oral argument was held on March 4, 2024. On April 18, 2024, the Fifth Circuit reversed the dismissal and remanded the case to the district court. On May 31, 2024, the district court entered a scheduling order setting the case for trial on December 8, 2025. On September 3, 2024, the parties entered into a settlement agreement, subject to court approval, resolving the claims. The Combined Company will pay 40.0 million to settle the claims, an amount that will be fully funded by the Combined Company s insurance carriers. On September 23, 2024, the District Court granted the plaintiffs motion for preliminary approval of the settlement and scheduled a final fairness hearing for January 25, 2025. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Stockholder Derivative Lawsuits 
 On February 16, 2023, a putative stockholder derivative lawsuit was filed on behalf of nominal defendant Former Six Flags by John Hancock in Texas state court against certain of its former executive officers and directors (the individual defendants in an action captioned Hancock v. Roedel, et al., Case No. 348-340304-23 (348th Dist. Ct., Tarrant Cty., Tex.). Plaintiff refers to and makes many of the same allegations as are set forth in the Electrical Workers litigation, claiming that, among other things, the individual defendants caused Former Six Flags to make false and misleading statements and omissions about the status of construction of Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd. Plaintiff asserts breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment claims. Plaintiff seeks an unspecified amount of monetary damages and equitable relief including, but not limited to, disgorgement. On September 7, 2023, the individual defendants and Former Six Flags filed a motion to stay pending resolution of a duplicative federal derivative action, captioned Dela Cruz v. Reid-Anderson, et al, Case No. 3:23-CV-0396-D (N.D. Tex), and described below. On September 15, 2023, the court granted the motion to stay and ordered the action stayed until 30 days after a ruling by the federal court on the motions to dismiss pending in Dela Cruz v. Reid-Anderson. On March 6, 2024, the parties jointly stipulated to stay the action pending resolution of the appeal in Dela Cruz v. Reid-Anderson, which the court approved. On July 8, 2024, Plaintiff filed a Notice of Nonsuit Without Prejudice, which the court ordered on July 9, 2024. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, a putative stockholder derivative lawsuit was filed on behalf of nominal defendant Former Six Flags by Antonio Dela Cruz in in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas against certain of its current and former executive officers and directors (the individual defendants in an action captioned Cruz v. Reid-Anderson, et al., Case No. 3:23-CV-0396-D (N.D. Tex.). Plaintiff refers to and makes many of the same allegations as are set forth in the Electrical Workers litigation, claiming that, among other things, the individual defendants caused Former Six Flags to make false and misleading statements and omissions about the status of construction of Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd. Plaintiff asserts contribution, breach of fiduciary duty, and unjust enrichment claims. Plaintiff seeks an unspecified amount of monetary damages and equitable relief including, but not limited to, disgorgement. On September 12, 2023, Former Six Flags and the individual defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaint. On January 12, 2024, the district court granted defendants' motions, dismissing the complaint in its entirety and with prejudice. On February 7, 2024, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal of the district court's decision. The appeal was fully briefed as of May 29, 2024. On July 2, 2024, Plaintiff filed an Unopposed Motion to Withdraw Appeal. On July 8, 2024, the Fifth Circuit dismissed the appeal. 
 
 Securities and Exchange Commission Investigation 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an investigation into Former Six Flags' disclosures and reporting made in 2018 through February 2020 related to its business, operations and growth prospects of its Six Flags branded parks in China and the financial health of its former business partner, Riverside Investment Group Co. Ltd. Former Six Flags received a document subpoena in February 2020 and subsequently certain current and former executives received subpoenas in connection with this matter and they continue to provide responsive information. The involved parties are fully cooperating and are committed to continuing to cooperate fully with the SEC in this matter. The length, scope or results of the investigation, or the impact, of the investigation on results of operations, business or financial condition cannot be predicted. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part II, Item 1A of the Combined Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of Combined Company Common Stock during the three months ended September 29, 2024: 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1 - July 31 August 1 - August 31 September 1 - September 29 255 43.43 Total 255 43.43 
 (1) All shares purchased were repurchased by the Combined Company in satisfaction of tax obligations related to the vesting of restricted shares which were granted under outstanding omnibus incentive plans. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (a) As previously disclosed by the Combined Company on Form 8-K on October 15, 2024, in connection with the closing of the Mergers, the Combined Company entered into new employment agreements with Messrs. Zimmerman, Witherow, Fisher and Nurse and Ms. Sauls. The employment agreements provide for awards of performance stock units ("PSUs") under the Combined Company's 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which awards were previously approved on August 20, 2024 by the People, Culture and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Each PSU represents a contingent right to receive one share of Combined Company Common Stock. Based on actual results, each executive will be eligible to receive between 0 and 200 of the target number of PSUs. The PSUs will be eligible to vest based on the attainment of specified Adjusted EBITDA performance goals by the Combined Company during the applicable performance period, which ends December 31, 2026, and subject to each executives' continued employment with the Combined Company through the determination date following the performance period. The target number of shares underlying such awards to Messrs. Zimmerman, Witherow, Fisher and Nurse and Ms. Sauls are incorporated herein by reference to the Combined Company's Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2024. 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 
 (c) During the three months ended September 29, 2024, no director or officer or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.1 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.2 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Six Flags Theme Parks Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, to the Indenture, dated as of April 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.5 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Six Flags Theme Parks Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent, to the Indenture, dated as of May 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.6 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Canada s Wonderland Company, Magnum Management Corporation, Millennium Operations LLC, as issuers, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2017, relating to the Cedar Fair 2027 Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 4.7 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Canada s Wonderland Company, Magnum Management Corporation, Millennium Operations LLC, as issuers, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2019, relating to the Cedar Fair 2029 Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 4.8 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Canada s Wonderland Company, Magnum Management Corporation, Millennium Operations LLC, as issuers, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of October 7, 2020, relating to the Cedar Fair 2028 Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.2 
 Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.3 
 New Holdco Joinder Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.4 
 Additional Subsidiary Borrower Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Six Flags Theme Parks Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.5 
 Subsidiary Guarantor Joinder Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.6 
 First Amendment and Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, Millennium Operations LLC, Canada s Wonderland Company and Six Flags Theme Parks Inc., as borrowers, the other subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Combined Company's Current Report on Form 8-K initially filed with the SEC on July 1, 2024 (File No. 001-42157)). 
 10.7 
 Employment agreement, dated July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Selim A. Bassoul. 
 10.8 
 Employment agreement, dated July 1, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Gary Mick. 
 10.9 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Richard A. Zimmerman. 
 10.10 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Brian Witherow. 
 10.11 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Tim Fisher. 
 10.12 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Brian Nurse. 
 10.13 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Monica Sauls. 
 10.14 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Christian Dieckmann. 
 10.15 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and David Hoffman. 
 10.16 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Ty Tastepe. 
 10.17 
 Employment agreement, dated October 8, 2024, by and among Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and Robert White. 
 10.18 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers under the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 22 
 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 101 The following materials from the Combined Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (ii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow, (iv) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (v) related notes, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104 The cover page from the Combined Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 

43 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Richard A. Zimmerman Richard A. Zimmerman President and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Brian C. Witherow Brian C. Witherow Chief Financial Officer 
 
 44 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 sixflags-q3xex1072024.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of July 1, 2024 and effective as of the Closing Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)), is entered into by and among Selim A. Bassoul Executive ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation Six Flags and CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Six Flags as its President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to an Employment Agreement with Six Flags dated as of November 14, 2021 (the Prior Agreement 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 2, 2023, entered into by and among Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Six Flags, the Company, and CopperSteel Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger Agreement ), the Company and Executive desire for Executive to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board on and after the Closing Effective Time on the terms set forth in this Agreement, which upon its effectiveness shall replace the Prior Agreement in its entirety and 
 WHEREAS, in the event the Closing Effective Time does not occur, or if Executive s employment with Six Flags terminates before the Closing Effective Time, this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio , and the Prior Agreement shall remain in effect (as applicable) unless terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, it is hereby agreed as follows 
 1. Term of Employment . The Prior Agreement shall continue in effect until immediately prior to the Closing Effective Time. Upon the Closing Effective Time, and subject to the Closing Effective Time occurring, the Prior Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The parties agree that the termination of the Prior Agreement and the change in Executive s position hereunder does not constitute a termination of employment or trigger a severance event or other rights under the Prior Agreement. Subject to Executive s employment until the Closing Effective Time, the term of Executive s employment by the Company pursuant to this Agreement (the Term shall commence as of immediately following the Closing Effective Time and shall continue until the earliest of (a) the second anniversary of the Closing Effective Time, (b) the date as of which the Maximum Level of Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Performance Stock Unit Agreement (the Company PSU Grant Agreement governing the Company PSUs (as defined below) to be granted to Executive in accordance with Section 3(c)(ii)(B)) is achieved, (c) the date of termination of Executive s employment for any reason pursuant to Section 4 or (d) the date on which a Change in Control (as defined below) occurs on or after the Closing Effective Time. The earliest to occur of the events in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the immediately preceding sentence is referred to herein as the Termination Date . 

2. Position, Duties and Location . 
 (a) Position and Duties . Executive shall serve as Executive Chairman of the Board. The Company shall nominate Executive for election as a member of the Board at each stockholders meeting occurring during the Term that Executive s seat is scheduled for election and shall use best efforts to have Executive so elected. During the Term, Executive shall have the duties and responsibilities associated with the position of Executive Chairman as described in the Six Flags Entertainment Corporation Corporate Governance Guidelines and as further set forth on Annex I hereto. Executive shall report solely and directly to the Board. 
 (b) Attention and Time . Executive shall devote substantially all his business attention and time to his duties hereunder and shall use his reasonable best efforts to carry out such duties faithfully and efficiently. During the Term, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for Executive to (i) serve on industry, trade, civic or charitable boards or committees (ii) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking engagements or (iii) manage personal investments, as long as such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities as described herein provided , that Executive shall be permitted to serve on for-profit corporate boards of directors or as non-executive chairman of any such boards of directors, in any case, if approved in advance by the Board, acting reasonably and in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall use his best efforts to resign from any outside position consistent with his obligations with respect to such position if the Board determines in good faith that such activities interfere in any material respect with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities for the Company. 
 (c) Location Office and Executive Assistant . As Executive Chair, Executive will spend business time in Dubai and, to the extent reasonably necessary (as reasonably determined by Executive), in the United States (including in Texas, Charlotte, and other locations in which the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates have operations in the United States). Executive shall be reimbursed for business travel expenses, in accordance with Section 3(e). During the Term, the Company will either (i) continue to maintain and pay for Executive s current office or (ii) provide for other suitable office accommodation based on good faith discussions with Executive. In addition, during the Term, the Company will continue to employ Executive s current Executive Assistant, Doria Rivera, so long as she remains employed in good standing with the Company or its subsidiaries. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . Executive shall receive a base salary (as applicable, the Base Salary at an annual rate of no less than 1,550,000. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Company for increase on the first anniversary of the Closing Effective Time. Base Salary shall be paid at such times and in such manner as the Company customarily pays the base salaries of its employees. In the event that Executive s Base Salary is increased by the Board in its discretion at any time during the Term, such increased amount shall thereafter constitute the Base Salary. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Term, Executive shall participate in the Company s annual bonus program on substantially the same terms and conditions generally applicable to named 

executive officers of the Company provided , that the applicable performance goals will be reasonably established by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee in good faith after consultation with Executive in advance. Executive s minimum bonus opportunity Minimum Bonus ), target bonus opportunity Target Bonus and maximum bonus opportunity Maximum Bonus shall be 50 , 150 and 300 , respectively of Base Salary. Executive will earn the Maximum Bonus upon achievement of 150 of the applicable performance goals (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Committee after consultation with Executive). Executive will earn the Minimum Bonus upon achievement of 75 of the applicable performance goals (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Committee after consultation with Executive). Executive s annual bonus will be determined based on linear interpolation for performance falling between the applicable performance goals for Target Bonus and Maximum Bonus and between the applicable performance goals for Minimum Bonus and Target Bonus. Any annual bonus payable to Executive shall be paid during the fiscal year following the fiscal year and no later than five (5) days following the filing of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year (or, if the Company is not required to or does not file a Form 10-K, no later than five (5) days following the completion of the audit of the applicable fiscal year), subject to Executive s continued employment through such date, except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 (c) Incentive Equity Awards . 
 (i) Restricted Stock Issued in Settlement of Six Flags RSUs . The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s 246,426 restricted stock units outstanding as of November 2, 2023 awarded under that certain Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement by and between Executive and Six Flags dated as of November 15, 2021 were settled in restricted shares of Six Flags common stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of December 20, 2023, entered into by and between Six Flags and Executive (the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and such restricted shares shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 142,928 shares of Company common stock. 
 (ii) Six Flags PSUs . With respect to Executive s opportunity to earn up to 1,200,000 performance stock units denominated in shares of Six Flags common stock (the Six Flags PSUs outstanding as of November 2, 2023, awarded under that certain Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement by and between Executive and Six Flags dated November 15, 2021 
 (A) Restricted Stock Issued in Settlement of Certain Six Flags PSUs . 300,000 of Executive s Six Flags PSUs were settled in restricted shares of Six Flags common stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, and such restricted shares shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 174,000 shares of Company common stock (the Subject Converted Shares provided , that Executive agrees that Executive shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Subject Converted Shares prior to the Termination Date and provided , further , that in the event the Termination Date occurs due to Executive s resignation without Good Reason or a termination of Executive s employment for Cause, 

Executive agrees that Executive shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Subject Converted Shares prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Effective Time. 
 (B) Assumption of Remaining Six Flags PSUs . To preserve Executive s existing opportunity to earn an additional 900,000 Six Flags PSUs that will be forfeited at the Closing Effective Time, as soon as practical following the Closing Effective Time, the Company shall grant Executive an opportunity to earn up to 522,000 performance stock units denominated in shares of Company common stock (the Company PSUs pursuant to the Company PSU Grant Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto provided, that the Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goals and the Performance Period (each as defined in the Company PSU Grant Agreement) shall be no less favorable to Executive than the (x) performance goals for the Performance Period applicable to any performance-based equity or incentive awards granted to any executive officer of the Company and (y) terms set forth in the CEO Term Sheet (as defined in the Steel Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Merger Agreement)). 
 (d) Other Compensation and Benefits . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive benefits under any employee benefit programs of the Company (including life, health and disability programs) that are made available to named executive officers of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions and eligibility requirements of such plans or arrangements. The Company shall also pay for, or reimburse Executive for, the premiums and other costs incurred in connection with maintaining healthcare coverage (including life, health and disability programs) in Dubai and Lebanon at coverage levels substantially comparable to those provided to Executive as of the Closing Effective Time. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to prevent the Company from modifying or terminating any plan or arrangement (excluding, as it relates to Executive during the Term, the annual bonus program described in Section 3(b) and the expense reimbursements described in Section 3(e) and in the immediately preceding sentence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to six (6) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. 
 (e) Expenses . During the Term, the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive in accordance with applicable Company policy for all reasonable expenses that Executive incurs during his employment with the Company in carrying out Executive s duties under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to first class air travel, and customarily priced executive-level hotel accommodations and ground transportation when on Company business, including, without limitation, travel between Company offices and travel to and from Dubai and Lebanon, in each case, on Company business. 
 (f) Closing Bonus . Pursuant to the Closing Bonus Letter Agreement dated as of December 22, 2023 entered into by and between Six Flags and Executive (the Closing Bonus Letter Agreement ), Executive has an opportunity to earn a transaction bonus equal to 3,000,000 (the Closing Bonus ). Executive acknowledges and agrees that fifty percent (50 of the Closing Bonus was paid to Executive in the form of the Restricted Stock Closing Bonus (as defined in the 

Closing Bonus Letter Agreement). The restricted shares of Six Flags common stock issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Closing Bonus shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into the applicable number of shares of Company common stock based on the Steel Exchange Ratio. Within five (5) business days following the Closing Effective Time, pursuant to the Closing Bonus Letter Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive the Cash Closing Bonus (as defined therein), which, for clarity, shall be paid in a lump sum cash payment equal to 1,500,000 (i.e., the remaining fifty percent (50 of the Closing Bonus), less applicable deductions and withholdings. 
 (g) Additional Compensation and Benefits . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the Board in awarding, in its discretion, additional compensation and benefits to Executive. 
 4. Termination of Employment Severance . Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon his death or Disability or upon the conclusion of the Term. The Company may terminate Executive s employment for Cause or without Cause. Executive may terminate his employment with or without Good Reason. 
 (a) Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, the Company shall pay Executive (or, if applicable, Executive s estate) a lump sum cash payment within thirty (30) days following his Date of Termination (except with respect to reimbursements described in Section 4(a)(iii), which shall be paid within twenty (20) business days of Executive s Date of Termination) the following amounts (i) unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination, (ii) any benefits due to Executive under any employee benefit plan of the Company and any payments due to Executive under the terms of any Company program, arrangement or agreement, including insurance policies but excluding any severance program or policy and (iii) any expenses owed to Executive, provided Executive properly submits documentation therefor in accordance with applicable Company policy within ten (10) business days after the Date of Termination ((i), (ii), and (iii) collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). 
 (b) Upon Executive s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A )) from the Company for any reason, the Company shall pay Executive (or, if applicable, Executive s estate) the following severance payments and benefits described in this Section 4(b), subject to Executive s compliance with Sections 4(c), 5 and 7 and material compliance with Section 6, which shall be in lieu of any payments or benefits under any severance program or policy of the Company or its Affiliates. In accordance with Section 19, any severance payments and benefits described in this Section 4(b) that constitute a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A and that if paid during the six (6) months beginning on Executive s Date of Termination would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Company) will be paid to Executive on the earlier of the six (6) month anniversary of Executive s Date of Termination or death. 
 (i) any unpaid bonus for any prior fiscal year, determined in accordance with Section 3(b), payable at the time described in Section 3(b) 

(ii) a pro rata portion (based on the number of days during the applicable fiscal year Executive was employed by the Company) of the annual bonus that would otherwise have been paid to Executive if his employment had not so terminated, determined in accordance with Section 3(b), payable at the time described in Section 3(b) and based on actual performance through the regular performance period 
 (iii) an amount equal to the sum of Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus (excluding any reductions thereto that serve as the basis for a termination for Good Reason) for the year of termination, multiplied by two i.e. , (Base Salary + Target Bonus) x 2), such amount to be paid in a lump sum as soon as practicable after Executive s Date of Termination, subject to any required delay pursuant to this Section 4(b) and Section 19 and 
 (iv) an amount equal to (A) twenty-four (24) multiplied by (B) the excess of the monthly applicable premium, as of Executive s Date of Termination, for health care coverage Executive (and Executive s eligible dependents, if any) had from the Company pursuant to Section 3(d) immediately prior to Executive s Date of Termination (or, if greater, the monthly applicable premium for equivalent continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended) over the monthly dollar amount Executive would have paid to the Company for such health care coverage if Executive remained employed following the Date of Termination, such amount to be paid in a lump sum as soon as practicable after Executive s Date of Termination, subject to any required delay pursuant to this Section 4(b) and Section 19. 
 (c) Release . As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits set forth in Section 4(b), Executive shall be required, within sixty (60) days of Executive s Date of Termination (including, without limitation, a Date of Termination that occurs upon the expiration of the Term), to execute, deliver and not revoke (with any applicable revocation period having expired) a general release of claims in a form attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 (d) Full Discharge . The amounts payable to Executive under this Section 4 and the number of Company PSUs, if any, that are due to vest and be settled in accordance with the Company PSU Grant Agreement following the termination of Executive s employment shall, once paid or settled, as applicable, be in full and complete satisfaction of Executive s rights under this Agreement and any other claims he may have in respect of his employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and Executive acknowledges that such amounts are fair and reasonable, and his sole and exclusive remedy, in lieu of all other remedies at law or in equity, with respect to the termination of his employment hereunder or breach of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this sub-section shall serve as a bar to any claim that would not have been released if Executive executed the release attached as Exhibit B upon Executive s Date of Termination, whether or not such release is required to be executed in connection with such termination. 
 (e) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply 
 (i) Affiliate shall mean a person or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company. 

(ii) Cause shall mean (A) Executive s continued failure (except where due to physical or mental incapacity) to endeavor in good faith to substantially perform his duties hereunder after written notice from the Company requesting such performance and specifying Executive s alleged failure (B) Executive s material malfeasance or gross neglect in the performance of his duties hereunder (C) Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or a felony (D) the commission by Executive of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any Affiliate constituting a crime (E) Executive s material breach of any material provision of this Agreement that is not remedied within fifteen (15) days after (I) written notice from the Company specifying such breach and (II) the opportunity to appear before the Board (F) Executive s material violation of a material Company policy that causes demonstrable damage to the Company, which damage is not insignificant (G) Executive s continued failure to cooperate in any audit or investigation involving the Company or its Affiliates or its or their financial statements or business practices that is not remedied within fifteen (15) days of written notice from the Company specifying such failure or (H) Executive s actual gross misconduct that adversely and materially affects the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole provided , that in any dispute pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement regarding whether Cause exists under this clause (H), the arbitrator shall make a de novo review of whether Executive s actual gross misconduct adversely and materially affected the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, it being understood that Executive s termination shall be determined by the arbitrator to have been by the Company without Cause under this clause (H) if either (a) Executive did not actually engage in gross misconduct or (b) such gross misconduct did not in fact have an adverse and material effect on the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
 (iii) Change in Control shall mean (A) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), but excluding (x) any employee benefit plan of the Company, (y) any Permitted Holder or (z) any acquisitions pursuant to a transaction described in clause (D) below, that does not constitute a Change in Control), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that any such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only through the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than thirty-five percent (35 of the voting stock of the Company (B) at any time, the Continuing Directors (as defined below) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board (C) a direct or indirect sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (D) consummation of any merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization of the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the occurrence of the Closing Effective Time) that results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization not representing (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the applicable surviving or other entity) more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company (or its successor) (or the ultimate parent company thereof) outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization. Only one (1) Change in Control may occur during the Term. 

(iv) Continuing Directors shall mean, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board (including Executive) who (A) was a member of the Board on the date of this Agreement or (B) was nominated for election or elected to the Board with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board at the time of such nomination or election. 
 (v) Date of Termination Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive under this Section 4 (other than termination due to death) shall be communicated by a written notice to the other party hereto indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and specifying a Date of Termination (a Notice of Termination which, if submitted by Executive, shall be effective at least thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. A Notice of Termination submitted by the Company may provide for a Date of Termination on the date Executive receives the Notice of Termination, or any date thereafter elected by the Company in its sole discretion not to exceed thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. The failure by Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Cause or Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive or the Company hereunder or preclude Executive or the Company thereafter from asserting such fact or circumstance within a period of six (6) months from the Date of Termination in order to enforce Executive s or the Company s otherwise applicable rights hereunder. 
 (vi) Disability shall mean Executive s inability due to a mental or physical impairment to substantially perform his duties for the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or one hundred and eighty (180) days in any two (2)-year period. 
 (vii) Good Leaver Termination shall mean the termination of Executive s employment (A) by the Company without Cause, (B) by Executive for Good Reason, (C) by reason of Executive s death or Disability, or (D) by reason of the achievement of the Maximum Level of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (viii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without Executive s express written consent, of (A) the removal of Executive as Executive Chairman of the Board or an adverse change in Executive s reporting obligations (B) the failure of the Company to nominate Executive for election as a member of the Board or the failure of the Company to use efforts consistent with the Company s efforts with respect to other members of the Company s Board slate to encourage the Company s stockholders to elect Executive to the Board once nominated (C) a material diminution in Executive s employment duties, responsibilities or authority, or the assignment to Executive of duties that are materially inconsistent with his position (D) any reduction in Base Salary or Minimum Bonus, Target Bonus or Maximum Bonus or (E) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement provided , that Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason only if (I) within ninety (90) days of the date Executive has actual knowledge of the occurrence of an event of Good Reason, Executive provides written notice of the Company specifying such event, (II) the Company does not cure such event within five (5) business days of 

such notice if the event is nonpayment of an amount due to Executive or within sixty (60) days of such notice for other events and (III) Executive terminates his employment within thirty (30) business days of the end of such cure period. 
 (ix) Permitted Holders shall mean each person or entity (and any affiliate of such person) beneficially owning more than ten percent (10 of the Company s voting stock on the Effective Date. 
 (x) Subsidiary of the Company shall mean any corporation of which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50 of the voting stock. 
 (f) Other Positions . Executive shall immediately resign, and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned without the requirement of any additional action, from any and all position Executive holds (including as a member of the Board) with the Company and its Affiliates on Executive s Date of Termination. 
 (g) Breach of Payment Obligation . If the Company fails (other than pursuant to Section 18) to pay any amount due to Executive (or Executive s estate) pursuant to this Section 4 as a result of Executive s termination of employment within the fifteen (15) day period following written notice by Executive (it being understood and agreed that such notice may not be given until any such material payment has not been paid for at least fifteen (15) days following its scheduled payment date), the restrictions imposed by Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) shall immediately terminate. 
 5. Confidentiality of Trade Secrets and Business Information . Executive agrees that Executive shall not, at any time during Executive s employment with the Company or thereafter, disclose or use any trade secret, proprietary or confidential information of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information obtained by him during the course of such employment, except for (i) disclosures and uses required in the course of such employment or with the written permission of the Company, (ii) disclosures with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including but not limited to, the enforcement of Executive s rights under this Agreement, or (iii) as may be required by law or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order such disclosure provided , that, if, in any circumstance described in clause (iii), Executive receives notice that any third party shall seek to compel him by process of law to disclose any Confidential Information, Executive shall promptly notify the Company and provide reasonable cooperation to the Company (at the Company s sole expense) in seeking a protective order against such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that is or becomes publicly known outside the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than due to a breach of Executive s obligations under this paragraph. 
 6. Return of Information . Executive agrees that at the time of any termination of Executive s employment with the Company or expiration of the Term, whether at the instance of Executive or the Company, and regardless of the reasons therefore, Executive shall deliver to the Company (at the Company s expense), any and all notes, files, memoranda, papers and, in general, any and all physical (including electronic) matter containing Confidential Information that are in Executive s possession or under Executive s control, except as otherwise consented in writing by the 

Company at the time of such termination. The foregoing shall not prevent Executive from retaining copies of personal diaries, personal notes, personal address books, personal calendars, and any other personal information (including, without limitation, information relating to Executive s compensation), but only to the extent such copies do not contain any Confidential Information other than that which relates directly to Executive, including his compensation. 
 7. Noncompetition, Noninterference, Nondisparagement and Cooperation . 
 (a) General . In consideration for the compensation payable to Executive under this Agreement, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, other than in carrying out his duties hereunder, directly or indirectly, do any of the following (i) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of one (1) year after any termination of such employment, render services in any capacity (including as an employee, director, member, consultant, partner, investor or independent contractor) to a Competitor, (ii) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of two (2) years after any termination of such employment, attempt to, or assist any other person in attempting to, employ, engage, retain or partner with, any person who is then, or at any time during the ninety (90) day-period prior thereto was, a director, officer or other executive of the Company or a Subsidiary, or encourage any such person or any consultant, agent or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate or adversely alter or modify such relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary provided , that this section (ii) shall not be violated by general advertising, general internet postings or other general solicitation in the ordinary course not specifically targeted at such persons, or (iii) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of two (2) years after any termination of employment, solicit any then current customer (excluding any patrons of the Company s amusement parks) or business partner of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate, alter or modify its relationship with the Company or the Subsidiary or to interfere with the Company s or any Subsidiary s relationships with any of its customers or business partners. During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, Executive agrees not to make any public statement that is intended to or would reasonably be expected to disparage the Company, its Affiliates or its or their directors, officers, employees, businesses or products other than as required in the good faith discharge of his duties hereunder. During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, the Company (including directors and officers of the Company in their capacity as such) agrees that it shall not make any public statement that is intended to or would reasonably be expected to disparage Executive. At the request of Executive, the Company shall direct its directors and officers to not make any statements that would violate this Section 7(a) if they were made by the Company and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to enforce such direction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7(a) shall prevent any person from (A) responding publicly to any incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statement made by or on behalf of the other party to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement or (B) making any truthful statement to the extent required by law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will be used in any way to limit Executive s rights to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law, including the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

(b) Cooperation . Executive agrees to cooperate, in a reasonable manner and at the expense of the Company, with the Company and its attorneys, both during and after the termination of Executive s employment, in connection with any litigation or other proceeding arising out of or relating to matters in which Executive was involved prior to the termination of Executive s employment so long as such cooperation does not materially interfere with Executive s employment or consulting. In the event that such cooperation is required after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Company shall pay Executive at the rate of 7,500.00 per day and out-of-pocket expenses approved in advance by the Company after presentation by Executive of reasonable documentation related thereto. 
 (c) Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any business or enterprise in the theme park business, which shall include, without limitation, amusement and water parks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive s provision of services to an Affiliate or business unit of a Competitor that is not directly engaged in the theme park business shall not be a violation of the restrictions of this Section 7 so long as Executive does not provide material services in respect of the theme park business and does not have material direct or indirect managerial or oversight responsibility or authority for the theme park business. Nothing contained herein shall prevent Executive from acquiring, solely as an investment, any publicly-traded securities of any person so long as he remains a passive investor in such person and does not own more than one percent (1 of the outstanding securities thereof. 
 8. Enforcement . Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purpose of the covenants set forth in Sections 5 through 7 above (the Restrictive Covenants is to protect the goodwill, trade secrets and other confidential information of the Company (ii) because of the nature of the business in which the Company is engaged and because of the nature of the Confidential Information to which Executive has access, it would be impractical and excessively difficult to determine the actual damages of the Company in the event Executive breached any such covenants and (iii) remedies at law (such as monetary damages) for any breach of Executive s obligations under the Restrictive Covenants would be inadequate. Executive therefore agrees and consents that if Executive commits any breach of a Restrictive Covenant, the Company shall have the right (in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other right or remedy that may be available to it) to temporary and permanent injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, without posting any bond or other security and without the necessity of proof of actual damage. If any portion of the Restrictive Covenants is hereafter determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination shall not affect the remainder thereof, which shall be given the maximum effect possible and shall be fully enforced, without regard to the invalid portions. In particular, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the covenants set forth in Section 7 are found by a court or an arbitrator to be unreasonable, Executive and the Company agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area that is found to be reasonable shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area, and that the court or arbitrator shall revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. If any of the Restrictive Covenants are determined to be wholly or partially unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such determination shall not be a bar to or in any way diminish the Company s right to enforce any such covenant in any other jurisdiction. 

9. Indemnification . 
 (a) The Company agrees that if Executive is made a party to, is threatened to be made a party to, receives any legal process in, or receives any discovery request or request for information in connection with, any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, excluding any action instituted by Executive, any action related to any actual violation of Section 16 of the Exchange Act by Executive or any action brought by the Company for compensation or damages related to Executive s breach of this Agreement (a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he was a director, officer, employee, consultant or agent of the Company, or was serving at the request of, or on behalf of, the Company as a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of another corporation, limited liability corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is Executive s alleged action in an official capacity while serving as a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or other entity, Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted or authorized by the Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or, if greater, by applicable law, against any and all costs, expenses, liabilities and losses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees reasonably incurred, judgments, fines, taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and any reasonable cost and fees incurred in enforcing his rights to indemnification or contribution) incurred or suffered by Executive in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to Executive even though he has ceased to be a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or other entity and shall inure to the benefit of Executive s heirs, executors and administrators. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by him in connection with any Proceeding within twenty (20) business days after receipt by the Company of a written request for such reimbursement and appropriate documentation associated with these expenses. Such request shall include an undertaking by Executive to repay the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified against such costs and expenses provided , that the amount of such obligation to repay shall be limited to the after-tax amount of any such advance except to the extent Executive is able to offset such taxes incurred on the advance by the tax benefit, if any, attributable to a deduction for repayment. 
 (b) Neither the failure of the Company (including the Board or the Company s independent legal counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any proceeding concerning payment of amounts claimed by Executive under Section 9(a) above that indemnification of Executive is proper because he has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor a determination by the Company (including the Board or the Company s independent legal counsel or stockholders) that Executive has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption or inference that Executive has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (c) The Company agrees to continue and maintain a directors and officers liability insurance policy covering Executive at a level, and on terms and conditions, no less favorable to him than the coverage the Company provides other similarly-situated executives for six (6) years after Executive s Date of Termination or such longer statute of limitation period. 

(d) Nothing in this Section 9 shall be construed as reducing or waiving any right to indemnification, or advancement of expenses, Executive would otherwise have under the Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or under applicable law. 
 10. Arbitration . Subject to Section 8, in the event that any dispute arises between the Company and Executive regarding or relating to this Agreement and or any aspect of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, the parties consent to resolve such dispute through mandatory arbitration under the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ), before a single arbitrator in Dallas, Texas. The parties hereby consent to the entry of judgment upon award rendered by the arbitrator in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should adequate grounds exist for seeking immediate injunctive or immediate equitable relief, any party may seek and obtain such relief. The parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts of or in the State of Texas for purposes of seeking such injunctive or equitable relief as set forth above. Out-of-pocket costs and expense reasonably incurred by Executive in connection with such arbitration (including attorneys fees) shall be paid by the Company with respect to each claim on which the arbitrator determines Executive prevails. 
 11. Mutual Representations . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that before signing this Agreement, Executive was given the opportunity to read it, evaluate it and discuss it with Executive s personal advisors. Executive further acknowledges that the Company and its advisors have not provided Executive with any legal or tax advice regarding this Agreement. 
 (b) Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) shall not constitute a default under, or conflict with, any agreement or other instrument to which he is a party or by which he is bound and (ii) as to his execution and delivery of this Agreement do not require the consent of any other person. 
 (c) The Company represents and warrants to Executive that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company has been fully and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Company is duly authorized to do so, (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree or any agreement, plan or corporate governance document to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound and (iv) upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties, it shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (d) Each party hereto represents and warrants to the other that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of such party enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms. 

12. Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered (i) personally, (ii) by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, (iii) by facsimile with evidence of completed transmission, or (iv) delivered by overnight courier to the party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently give such notice of 
 If to the Company CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc. 1000 Ballpark Way, Suite 400 Arlington, Texas 76011 Phone 972-595-5000 Attention Chris Neumann 
 If to Six Flags 

If to Executive 
 Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 1000 Ballpark Way, Suite 400 Arlington, Texas 76011 Phone 972-595-5000 Attention Chris Neumann 
 At the address on file with the Company 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 Morrison Cohen LLP 
 909 Third Avenue, 27th floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attn Jeff Laska 
 Email jlaska morrisoncohen.com 
 
 13. Assignment and Successors . This Agreement is personal in its nature and none of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the others, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder provided , however , that in the event of a Change in Control or any merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor, and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder, and such transferee or successor shall be required to assume such obligations by contract (unless such assumption occurs by operation of law). Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive any compensation or benefit payable hereunder following Executive s death or judicially determined incompetence by giving the Company written notice thereof. In the event of Executive s death or a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary, estate or other legal representative. 
 14. Governing Law Amendment . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement executed by Executive and the Company or their respective successors and legal representatives. 

15. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in part, the remaining portion of such provision, together with all other provisions of this Agreement, shall remain valid and enforceable and continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent consistent with law. 
 16. Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may withhold from amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required to be withheld by applicable laws or regulations. 
 17. No Waiver . Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of, or to assert any right under, this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or of any other provision of or right under this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived by the parties hereto provided , that any waiver by any person of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if in writing and signed by each party and such waiver must specifically refer to this Agreement and to the terms or provisions being modified or waived. 
 18. No Mitigation . In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as set forth herein, such amounts shall not be subject to offset or otherwise reduced whether or not Executive obtains other employment. The Company s obligation to make any payment pursuant to, and otherwise to perform its obligations under, this Agreement shall not be affected by any offset, counterclaim or other right that the Company have against Executive for any reason provided , that the Company may cease making the payments or providing the benefits, in each case, under Section 4 if Executive materially breaches the provisions of Sections 5, 6 and 7 and, if curable, does not cure such breach within fifteen (15) days after written notice from the Company. 
 19. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A with respect to amounts, if any, subject thereto and shall be interpreted and construed and shall be performed by the parties consistent with such intent. To the extent Executive would otherwise be entitled to any payment under this Agreement, or any plan or arrangement of the Company or its Affiliates, that constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A and that if paid during the six (6) months beginning on the Date of Termination of Executive s employment would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Company), the payment will be paid to Executive on the earlier of the six (6) month anniversary of his Date of Termination or death. To the extent Executive would otherwise be entitled to any benefit (other than a payment) during the six (6) months beginning on termination of Executive s employment that would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax, the benefit will be delayed and will begin being provided on the earlier of the first day following the six (6) month anniversary of Executive s Date of Termination or death. Any payment or benefit due upon a termination of employment that represents a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be paid or provided only upon a separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). Each payment made 

under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) Short-Term Deferrals and (b)(9) Separation Pay Plans , including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1 through A-6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or elsewhere, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive s separation from service occurs and provided , further , that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive s separation from service occurs. To the extent any expense reimbursement (including, without limitation, any reimbursement of interest or penalties related to taxes) or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise), the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one (1) calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any life-time or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 20. Headings . The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no manner shall be construed as part of this Agreement. 
 21. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, the Closing Bonus Letter Agreement and the exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all prior agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto (including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement and Exhibit A to the Steel Disclosure Letter to the Merger Agreement) provided , however , that the provisions of this Agreement are in addition to and complement (and do not replace or supersede) any other written agreement(s) or parts thereof between Executive and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates that create restrictions on Executive with respect to confidentiality, non-disclosure, noncompetition, non-solicitation or nondisparagement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any other Company plan, policy, equity grant, arrangement or agreement with Executive, the provisions most favorable to Executive shall govern. 
 22. Duration of Terms . The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of Executive s employment to the extent necessary to give effect to such rights and obligations. 

23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 24. Certain Change in Control Payments . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, after exhausting all available mitigation strategies, including, without limitation, those permitted pursuant to the Merger Agreement, any payments or benefits Executive would receive from the Company under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control (the Total Payments (a) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) but for this Section 24, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive will be entitled to receive either (i) the full amount of the Total Payments or (ii) a portion of the Total Payments having a value equal to 1 less than three (3) times such individual s base amount (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(3)(A) of the Code), whichever of (i) and (ii), after taking into account applicable federal, state, and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, results in the receipt by such employee on an after-tax basis, of the greatest portion of the Total Payments. Any determination required under this Section 24 shall be made in writing by the accountant or tax counsel selected by the Company. If there is a reduction pursuant to this Section 24 of the Total Payments to be delivered to Executive and to the extent that an ordering of the reduction other than by Executive is required by Section 19 or other tax requirements, the payment reduction contemplated by the preceding sentence shall be implemented by determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as defined below) for each parachute payment and then reducing the parachute payments in order beginning with the parachute payment with the highest Parachute Payment Ratio. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio, such parachute payments shall be reduced based on the time of payment of such parachute payments, with amounts having later payment dates being reduced first. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment, such parachute payments shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (but not below zero) prior to reducing parachute payments with a lower Parachute Payment Ratio. For purposes hereof, the term Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction the numerator of which is the value of the applicable parachute payment for purposes of Section 280G of the Code and the denominator of which is the actual present value of such payment. 

Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive, the Company and Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (solely for purposes of the provisions in Sections 1 and 21 related to the Prior Agreement) have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 COPPERSTEEL HOLDCO, INC. 
 By s Gary Mick 
 Name Gary Mick 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 By s Gary Mick 
 Name Gary Mick 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTIVE 
 s Selim A. Bassoul Selim A. Bassoul 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF AWARD AGREEMENT FILED SEPARATELY 

EXHIBIT B 
 Agreement and General Release 
 Agreement and General Release Agreement ), by and between Selim A. Bassoul Executive and referred to herein as you and CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 
 1. In exchange for your waiver of claims against the Released Persons (as defined below) and compliance with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Company agrees to provide you with the payments and benefits provided in Section 4 of your Employment Agreement with the Company and Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, dated July 1, 2024, (the Employment Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. 
 2. (a) In consideration for the payments and benefits to be provided to you pursuant to section 1 above, you, for yourself and for your heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives and assigns (hereinafter referred to collectively as Releasors ), forever release and discharge the Company and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related business entities, successors and assigns, and any of its or their respective directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, employees and assigns (in each case, in their capacity as such) (collectively the Released Persons from any and all claims, suits, demands, causes of action, covenants, obligations, debts, costs, expenses, fees and liabilities of any kind whatsoever in law or equity, by statute or otherwise, whether known or unknown, vested or contingent, suspected or unsuspected and whether or not concealed or hidden (collectively, the Claims ), which you have had, now have, or may have against any of the Released Persons by reason of any act, omission, transaction, practice, plan, policy, procedure, conduct, occurrence, or other matter arising up to and including the date on which you sign this Agreement, except as provided in subsection (c) below. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to and shall release the Released Persons from any and all such claims, whether known or unknown, which you have had, now have, or may have against the Released Persons arising out of your employment or termination thereof, including, but not limited to (i) any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (excluding claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Released Persons subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law), the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, or the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Texas Labor Code, the Texas Payday Law, the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act and the Texas Whistleblower Act, in each case as amended update as appropriate (ii) any other claim whether based on federal, state, or local law (statutory or decisional), rule, regulation or ordinance, including, but not limited to, breach of contract (express or implied), wrongful discharge, detrimental reliance, defamation, emotional distress or compensatory or punitive damages and (iii) any claim for attorneys fees, costs, disbursements and or the like. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be a waiver of claims (1) that arise after the date on which you sign this Agreement, including, without limitation, such claims related to any equity award held by you (2) for the payments or benefits required to be provided under Section 4(b) of the Employment Agreement (3) regarding rights of indemnification and receipt of legal fees and expenses to which you are entitled under the Employment Agreement, the Company s or a subsidiary of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws (or similar instrument), pursuant to any separate writing between you and the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or pursuant to applicable law or (4) relating to any claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit plan or retirement plan of the Released Persons subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law (excluding any severance or termination pay plan, program or arrangement, claims to which are specifically waived hereunder. 
 (d) In signing this Agreement, you acknowledge that you intend that this Agreement shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. You expressly consent that this Agreement shall be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown, unsuspected or unanticipated Claims, if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. Update to include reference to any applicable statute regarding the waiver of unknown claims. 
 3. (a) This Agreement is not intended, and shall not be construed, as an admission that any of the Released Persons has violated any federal, state or local law (statutory or decisional), ordinance or regulation, breached any contract or committed any wrong whatsoever against you. 
 (b) Should any provision of this Agreement require interpretation or construction, it is agreed by the parties that the entity interpreting or constructing this Agreement shall not apply a presumption against one party by reason of the rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the party who prepared the document. 
 (c) You represent and warrant that you have not assigned or transferred to any person or entity any of my rights which are or could be covered by this Agreement, including but not limited to the waivers and releases contained in this Agreement. 
 (d) You understand that nothing in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). You further understand this Agreement does not limit, restrict, or in any way affect your ability to (i) communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including (a) providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company or (b) making other disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or (ii) seek or receive any monetary damages, awards or other relief in connection with protected whistleblower activity. While this Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, you understand and agree that, to maximum extent permitted by law, you are otherwise waiving any and all rights you may have to individual 

relief based on any claims that you have released and any rights you have waived by signing this Agreement. 
 4. This Agreement is binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 5. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State. 
 6. You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read this Agreement in its entirety (b) have had an opportunity to consider for at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days the terms of this Agreement (c) are hereby advised by the Company in writing to consult with an attorney of your choice in connection with this Agreement (d) fully understand the significance of all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and have discussed them with your independent legal counsel, or have had a reasonable opportunity to do so (e) have had answered to your satisfaction by your independent legal counsel any questions you have asked with regard to the meaning and significance of any of the provisions of this Agreement and (f) are signing this Agreement voluntarily and of your own free will and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 7. You understand that you will have at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days from the date of receipt of this Agreement to consider the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may accept this Agreement by signing it and returning it to the Company s General Counsel at the address specified pursuant to Section 12 of the Employment Agreement on or before . After executing this Agreement, you shall have seven (7) days (the Revocation Period to revoke this Agreement by indicating your desire to do so in writing delivered to the General Counsel at the address above by no later than 5 00 p.m. on the seventh (7th) day after the date you sign this Agreement. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the eighth (8th) day after you sign the Agreement. If the last day of the Revocation Period falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, the last day of the Revocation Period will be deemed to be the next business day. In the event you do not accept this Agreement as set forth above, or in the event you revoke this Agreement during the Revocation Period, this Agreement, including but not limited to the obligation of the Company to provide the payments and benefits provided in Section 1 above, shall be deemed automatically null and void. 
 8. Any dispute regarding this Agreement shall be subject to Delaware law without reference to its choice of law provisions. You agree to reimburse the Company for out-of-pocket costs and expense reasonably incurred by in connection with enforcing this Agreement (including attorney s fees) with respect to each claim on which the Company substantially prevails. 
 
 Signature page follows 

EXECUTIVE 
 Selim A. Bassoul 
 COPPERSTEEL HOLDCO, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Annex I 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities Chair board meetings, including executive sessions (other than independent director only sessions). 
 
 Partner with CEO and the Lead Independent Director to develop agendas for meetings of the Board. 
 
 Attend meetings with Company leadership upon request from CEO. 
 
 Partner with CEO on the development of a detailed integration plan for Board approval to ensure the transaction and combined parks portfolio aligns with the Company s strategy and value creation goals. 
 
 Oversee the execution of cost synergies and integration strategies, working closely with the CEO to integrate cultures and ensure operational efficiencies while enhancing shareholder value, employee morale and guest satisfaction. 
 
 Partner with the CEO to track post-integration performance of the combined company against expected outcomes and make adjustments as necessary to ensure the realization of aligned goals. 
 
 In coordination with the CEO, manage communications with stakeholders to articulate the rationale behind the transaction. expected synergies and achievement of synergies, how the transaction fits into the broader strategic vision and progress toward integration. 
 
 Oversee park development in Saudi Arabia until the planned park is opened in spring 2025, serve as main liaison with park partners in Saudi Arabia and facilitate introductions and involvement of the CEO and COO in connection with the Saudi Arabia park. 
 
 Any other responsibilities as the Board may designate from time to time. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 sixflags-q3xex1082024.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of July 1, 2024 and effective as of the Closing Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)), is entered into by and among Gary Mick Executive ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation Six Flags and CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, Executive is employed by Six Flags as its Chief Financial Officer pursuant to an Employment Agreement with Six Flags dated as of May 31, 2022 (the Prior Agreement 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 2, 2023, entered into by and among Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Six Flags, the Company, and CopperSteel Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger Agreement ), the Company and Executive desire for Executive to serve as Chief Integration Officer of the Company on and after the Closing Effective Time on the terms set forth in this Agreement, which upon its effectiveness shall replace the Prior Agreement in its entirety and 
 WHEREAS, in the event the Closing Effective Time does not occur, or if Executive s employment with Six Flags terminates before the Closing Effective Time, this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio , and the Prior Agreement shall remain in effect (as applicable) unless terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, it is hereby agreed as follows 
 1. Term of Employment . The Prior Agreement shall continue in effect until immediately prior to the Closing Effective Time. Upon the Closing Effective Time, and subject to the Closing Effective Time occurring, the Prior Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The parties agree that the termination of the Prior Agreement and the change in Executive s position hereunder does not constitute a termination of employment or trigger a severance event or other rights under the Prior Agreement. Subject to Executive s employment until the Closing Effective Time, the term of Executive s employment by the Company pursuant to this Agreement (the Term shall commence as of immediately following the Closing Effective Time and shall continue until the earliest of (a) the second anniversary of the Closing Effective Time, (b) the date as of which the Maximum Level of Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Performance Stock Unit Agreement (the Company PSU Grant Agreement governing the Company PSUs (as defined below) to be granted to Executive in accordance with Section 3(c)(ii)(B)) is achieved, (c) the date of termination of Executive s employment for any reason pursuant to Section 4 or (d) the date on which a Change in Control (as defined below) occurs on or after the Closing Effective Time. The earliest to occur of the events in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the immediately preceding sentence is referred to herein as the Termination Date . 

2. Position, Duties and Location . 
 (a) Position and Duties . Executive shall serve as Chief Integration Officer of the Company. During the Term, Executive shall have the duties and responsibilities consistent with Executive s position as Chief Integration Officer. Executive shall report solely and directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 (b) Attention and Time . Executive shall devote substantially all his business attention and time to his duties hereunder and shall use his reasonable best efforts to carry out such duties faithfully and efficiently. During the Term, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for Executive to (i) serve on industry, trade, civic or charitable boards or committees (ii) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking engagements or (iii) manage personal investments, as long as such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities as described herein provided , that Executive shall be permitted to serve on for-profit corporate boards of directors or as non-executive chairman of any such boards of directors, in any case, if approved in advance by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), acting reasonably and in good faith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall use his best efforts to resign from any outside position consistent with his obligations with respect to such position if the Board determines in good faith that such activities interfere in any material respect with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities for the Company. 
 (c) Location . The principal place of Executive s employment shall be the Company s corporate office located in Arlington, Texas provided that Executive may be required to travel on Company business during the Term. Executive shall be reimbursed for business travel expenses in accordance with Section 3(e). 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . Executive shall receive a base salary (as applicable, the Base Salary at an annual rate of no less than 536,000. Executive s Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Company for increase on the first anniversary of the Closing Effective Time. Base Salary shall be paid at such times and in such manner as the Company customarily pays the base salaries of its employees. In the event that Executive s Base Salary is increased by the Board in its discretion at any time during the Term, such increased amount shall thereafter constitute the Base Salary. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . For each calendar year of the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus ). As of the Effective Date, Executive s Annual Bonus opportunity shall be equal to 120 of Base Salary Target Bonus ), based on the achievement of Company performance goals established by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). Any annual bonus payable to Executive shall be paid during the fiscal year following the fiscal year and no later than five (5) days following the filing of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year (or, if the Company is not required to or does not file a Form 10-K, no later than five (5) days following the completion of the audit of the applicable fiscal year), subject to Executive s continued employment through such date, except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4, the Annual Bonus will be subject to the terms of the Company annual bonus plan under which it is granted. 

(c) Incentive Equity Awards . 
 (i) Six Flags RSUs . With respect to Executive s 33,346 restricted stock units denominated in shares of Six Flags common stock (the Six Flags RSUs outstanding as of November 2, 2023, awarded under those certain Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements by and between Executive and Six Flags dated on each of June 1, 2022, June 1, 2022, and March 8, 2023, the Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that 
 (A) Restricted Stock Issued in Settlement of Certain Six Flags RSUs . 27,492 of Executive s Six Flags RSUs were settled in restricted shares of Six Flags common stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of December 20, 2023, entered into by and between Six Flags and Executive (the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and such restricted shares shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 15,946 shares of Company common stock. 
 (B) Settlement of Remaining Six Flags RSUs . Executive s remaining 5,854 Six Flags RSUs shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 3,396 shares of Company common stock. 
 (ii) Six Flags PSUs . With respect to Executive s opportunity to earn up to 244,420 performance stock units denominated in shares of Six Flags common stock (the Six Flags PSUs outstanding as of November 2, 2023, awarded under that certain Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement by and between Executive and Six Flags dated on each of March 8, 2022 and March 8, 2022, the Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that 
 (A) Restricted Stock Issued in Settlement of Certain Six Flags PSUs . 45,128 of Executive s Six Flags PSUs were settled in restricted shares of Six Flags common stock pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, and such restricted shares shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 26,175 shares of Company common stock. 
 (B) Settlement of Certain Six Flags PSUs . 22,088 of Executive s Six Flags PSUs shall be fully vested at the Closing Effective Time and converted into 12,812 shares of Company common stock. 
 (C) Assumption of Remaining Six Flags PSUs . To preserve Executive s existing opportunity to earn an additional 177,204 Six Flags PSUs that will be forfeited at the Closing Effective Time, as soon as practical following the Closing Effective Time, the Company shall grant Executive an opportunity to earn up to 102,779 performance stock units denominated in shares of Company common stock (the Company PSUs pursuant to the Company PSU Grant Agreement, which shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto provided, that the Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goals and the Performance Period (each as defined in the Company PSU Grant Agreement) shall be no less favorable to Executive than the (x) performance goals for the Performance Period applicable to any performance-based 

equity or incentive awards granted to any executive officer of the Company and (y) terms set forth in the CFO Term Sheet (as defined in the Steel Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Merger Agreement)). 
 (d) Other Compensation and Benefits . During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in or receive benefits under any employee benefit programs of the Company (including life, health and disability programs) that are made available to named executive officers of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions and eligibility requirements of such plans or arrangements. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to prevent the Company from modifying or terminating any plan or arrangement (excluding, as it relates to Executive during the Term, the annual bonus program described in Section 3(b) and the expense reimbursements described in Section 3(e) and in the immediately preceding sentence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. 
 (e) Expenses . During the Term, the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive in accordance with applicable Company policy for all reasonable expenses that Executive incurs during his employment with the Company in carrying out Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (f) Additional Compensation and Benefits . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the Board in awarding, in its discretion, additional compensation and benefits to Executive. 
 4. Termination of Employment Severance . Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon his death or Disability or upon the conclusion of the Term. The Company may terminate Executive s employment for Cause or without Cause. Executive may terminate his employment with or without Good Reason. 
 (a) Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, the Company shall pay Executive (or, if applicable, Executive s estate) a lump sum cash payment within thirty (30) days following his Date of Termination (except with respect to reimbursements described in Section 4(a)(iii), which shall be paid within twenty (20) business days of Executive s Date of Termination) the following amounts (i) unpaid Base Salary through the Date of Termination, (ii) any benefits due to Executive under any employee benefit plan of the Company and any payments due to Executive under the terms of any Company program, arrangement or agreement, including insurance policies but excluding any severance program or policy and (iii) any expenses owed to Executive, provided Executive properly submits documentation therefor in accordance with applicable Company policy within ten (10) business days after the Date of Termination ((i), (ii), and (iii) collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). 
 (b) Upon Executive s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A )) from the Company for any reason, the Company shall pay Executive (or, if applicable, Executive s estate) the following severance payments and benefits described in this Section 4(b), subject to Executive s compliance with Sections 4(c), 5 and 7 and material compliance with Section 6, which shall be in lieu of any payments or benefits under any severance program or policy of the Company or its Affiliates. In accordance with Section 19, any severance payments and benefits described in this Section 4(b) that constitute a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A and that if paid during the six (6) 

months beginning on Executive s Date of Termination would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Company) will be paid to Executive on the earlier of the six (6) month anniversary of Executive s Date of Termination or death. 
 (i) any unpaid bonus for any prior fiscal year, determined in accordance with Section 3(b), payable at the time described in Section 3(b) 
 (ii) a pro rata portion (based on the number of days during the applicable fiscal year Executive was employed by the Company) of the annual bonus that would otherwise have been paid to Executive if his employment had not so terminated, determined in accordance with Section 3(b), payable at the time described in Section 3(b) and based on actual performance through the regular performance period 
 (iii) an amount equal to the sum of Executive s Base Salary and Target Bonus (excluding any reductions thereto that serve as the basis for a termination for Good Reason) for the year of termination, multiplied by two i.e. , (Base Salary + Target Bonus) x 2), such amount to be paid in a lump sum as soon as practicable after Executive s Date of Termination, subject to any required delay pursuant to this Section 4(b) and Section 19 
 (iv) an amount equal to (A) three (3) multiplied by (B) the excess of the monthly applicable premium for continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, as of Executive s Date of Termination for health care coverage Executive (and Executive s eligible dependents, if any) had from the Company immediately prior to Executive s Date of Termination over the monthly dollar amount Executive would have paid to the Company for such health care coverage if Executive remained employed following the Date of Termination, such amount to be paid in a lump sum as soon as practicable after Executive s Date of Termination, subject to any required delay pursuant to this Section 4(b) and Section 19 
 (v) Immediate vesting of all time-vested options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other time- vested equity-based incentive awards then held by Executive (excluding the Company PSUs and any other performance-based awards) (collectively, Equity Awards ), that are scheduled to vest in the twelve (12) month period following Executive s Termination Date, with all vested options, if any, remaining exercisable for the shorter of their originally scheduled respective terms and one (1) year following Executive s Termination Date and 
 (vi) Reimbursement of up to 10,000 for executive outplacement services provided by a firm of Executive s choosing, subject to Executive s presentation of appropriate invoices or other reasonable documentation, by a date to be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 (c) Release . As a condition to receiving the payments and benefits set forth in Section 4(b), Executive shall be required, within sixty (60) days of Executive s Date of Termination (including, without limitation, a Date of Termination that occurs upon the expiration of the Term), to 

execute, deliver and not revoke (with any applicable revocation period having expired) a general release of claims in a form attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 (d) Full Discharge . The amounts payable to Executive under this Section 4 and the number of Company PSUs, if any, that are due to vest and be settled in accordance with the Company PSU Grant Agreement following the termination of Executive s employment shall, once paid or settled, as applicable, be in full and complete satisfaction of Executive s rights under this Agreement and any other claims he may have in respect of his employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and Executive acknowledges that such amounts are fair and reasonable, and his sole and exclusive remedy, in lieu of all other remedies at law or in equity, with respect to the termination of his employment hereunder or breach of this Agreement. Nothing contained in this sub-section shall serve as a bar to any claim that would not have been released if Executive executed the release attached as Exhibit B upon Executive s Date of Termination, whether or not such release is required to be executed in connection with such termination. 
 (e) Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply 
 (i) Affiliate shall mean a person or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Company. 
 (ii) Cause shall mean (A) Executive s continued failure (except where due to physical or mental incapacity) to endeavor in good faith to substantially perform his duties hereunder after written notice from the Company requesting such performance and specifying Executive s alleged failure (B) Executive s material malfeasance or gross neglect in the performance of his duties hereunder (C) Executive s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or a felony (D) the commission by Executive of an act of fraud or embezzlement against the Company or any Affiliate constituting a crime (E) Executive s material breach of any material provision of this Agreement that is not remedied within fifteen (15) days after (I) written notice from the Company specifying such breach and (II) the opportunity to appear before the Board (F) Executive s material violation of a material Company policy that causes demonstrable damage to the Company, which damage is not insignificant (G) Executive s continued failure to cooperate in any audit or investigation involving the Company or its Affiliates or its or their financial statements or business practices that is not remedied within fifteen (15) days of written notice from the Company specifying such failure or (H) Executive s actual gross misconduct that adversely and materially affects the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole provided , that in any dispute pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement regarding whether Cause exists under this clause (H), the arbitrator shall make a de novo review of whether Executive s actual gross misconduct adversely and materially affected the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, it being understood that Executive s termination shall be determined by the arbitrator to have been by the Company without Cause under this clause (H) if either (a) Executive did not actually engage in gross misconduct or (b) such gross misconduct did not in fact have an adverse and material effect on the business or reputation of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 

(iii) Change in Control shall mean (A) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), but excluding (x) any employee benefit plan of the Company, (y) any Permitted Holder or (z) any acquisitions pursuant to a transaction described in clause (D) below, that does not constitute a Change in Control), is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all shares that any such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only through the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than thirty-five percent (35 of the voting stock of the Company (B) at any time, the Continuing Directors (as defined below) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board (C) a direct or indirect sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (D) consummation of any merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization of the Company (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding the occurrence of the Closing Effective Time) that results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of such merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization not representing (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the applicable surviving or other entity) more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company (or its successor) (or the ultimate parent company thereof) outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or like business combination or reorganization. Only one (1) Change in Control may occur during the Term. 
 (iv) Continuing Directors shall mean, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board (including Executive) who (A) was a member of the Board on the date of this Agreement or (B) was nominated for election or elected to the Board with the approval of a majority of the Continuing Directors who were members of the Board at the time of such nomination or election. 
 (v) Date of Termination Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company or by Executive under this Section 4 (other than termination due to death) shall be communicated by a written notice to the other party hereto indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and specifying a Date of Termination (a Notice of Termination which, if submitted by Executive, shall be effective at least thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. A Notice of Termination submitted by the Company may provide for a Date of Termination on the date Executive receives the Notice of Termination, or any date thereafter elected by the Company in its sole discretion not to exceed thirty (30) days following the date of such notice. The failure by Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Cause or Good Reason shall not waive any right of Executive or the Company hereunder or preclude Executive or the Company thereafter from asserting such fact or circumstance within a period of six (6) months from the Date of Termination in order to enforce Executive s or the Company s otherwise applicable rights hereunder. 

(vi) Disability shall mean Executive s inability due to a mental or physical impairment to substantially perform his duties for the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or one hundred and eighty (180) days in any two (2)-year period. 
 (vii) Good Leaver Termination shall mean the termination of Executive s employment (A) by the Company without Cause, (B) by Executive for Good Reason, (C) by reason of Executive s death or Disability, or (D) by reason of the achievement of the Maximum Level of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (viii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without Executive s express written consent, of (A) the removal of Executive as Chief Integration Officer of the Company or an adverse change in Executive s reporting obligations (B) a material diminution in Executive s employment duties, responsibilities or authority, or the assignment to Executive of duties that are materially inconsistent with his position (C) any reduction in Base Salary or Target Bonus or (D) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement provided , that Executive may terminate his employment for Good Reason only if (I) within ninety (90) days of the date Executive has actual knowledge of the occurrence of an event of Good Reason, Executive provides written notice of the Company specifying such event, (II) the Company does not cure such event within five (5) business days of such notice if the event is nonpayment of an amount due to Executive or within sixty (60) days of such notice for other events and (III) Executive terminates his employment within thirty (30) business days of the end of such cure period. 
 (ix) Permitted Holders shall mean each person or entity (and any affiliate of such person) beneficially owning more than ten percent (10 of the Company s voting stock on the Effective Date. 
 (x) Subsidiary of the Company shall mean any corporation of which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50 of the voting stock. 
 (f) Other Positions . Executive shall immediately resign, and shall be deemed to have immediately resigned without the requirement of any additional action, from any and all position Executive holds (including as a member of the Board) with the Company and its Affiliates on Executive s Date of Termination. 
 (g) Breach of Payment Obligation . If the Company fails (other than pursuant to Section 18) to pay any amount due to Executive (or Executive s estate) pursuant to this Section 4 as a result of Executive s termination of employment within the fifteen (15) day period following written notice by Executive (it being understood and agreed that such notice may not be given until any such material payment has not been paid for at least fifteen (15) days following its scheduled payment date), the restrictions imposed by Section 7(a)(i) and (ii) shall immediately terminate. 
 5. Confidentiality of Trade Secrets and Business Information . Executive agrees that Executive shall not, at any time during Executive s employment with the Company or thereafter, disclose or use any trade secret, proprietary or confidential information of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information obtained by him during the course of such employment, except for (i) disclosures and uses required in the course of such 

employment or with the written permission of the Company, (ii) disclosures with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including but not limited to, the enforcement of Executive s rights under this Agreement, or (iii) as may be required by law or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction to order such disclosure provided , that, if, in any circumstance described in clause (iii), Executive receives notice that any third party shall seek to compel him by process of law to disclose any Confidential Information, Executive shall promptly notify the Company and provide reasonable cooperation to the Company (at the Company s sole expense) in seeking a protective order against such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information that is or becomes publicly known outside the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than due to a breach of Executive s obligations under this paragraph. 
 6. Return of Information . Executive agrees that at the time of any termination of Executive s employment with the Company or expiration of the Term, whether at the instance of Executive or the Company, and regardless of the reasons therefore, Executive shall deliver to the Company (at the Company s expense), any and all notes, files, memoranda, papers and, in general, any and all physical (including electronic) matter containing Confidential Information that are in Executive s possession or under Executive s control, except as otherwise consented in writing by the Company at the time of such termination. The foregoing shall not prevent Executive from retaining copies of personal diaries, personal notes, personal address books, personal calendars, and any other personal information (including, without limitation, information relating to Executive s compensation), but only to the extent such copies do not contain any Confidential Information other than that which relates directly to Executive, including his compensation. 
 7. Noncompetition, Noninterference, Nondisparagement and Cooperation . 
 (a) General . In consideration for the compensation payable to Executive under this Agreement, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, other than in carrying out his duties hereunder, directly or indirectly, do any of the following (i) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of one (1) year after any termination of such employment, render services in any capacity (including as an employee, director, member, consultant, partner, investor or independent contractor) to a Competitor, (ii) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of two (2) years after any termination of such employment, attempt to, or assist any other person in attempting to, employ, engage, retain or partner with, any person who is then, or at any time during the ninety (90) day-period prior thereto was, a director, officer or other executive of the Company or a Subsidiary, or encourage any such person or any consultant, agent or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate or adversely alter or modify such relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary provided , that this section (ii) shall not be violated by general advertising, general internet postings or other general solicitation in the ordinary course not specifically targeted at such persons, or (iii) during Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries and for a period of two (2) years after any termination of employment, solicit any then current customer (excluding any patrons of the Company s amusement parks) or business partner of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate, alter or modify its relationship with the Company or the Subsidiary or to interfere with the Company s or any Subsidiary s relationships with any of its customers or business partners. During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, 

Executive agrees not to make any public statement that is intended to or would reasonably be expected to disparage the Company, its Affiliates or its or their directors, officers, employees, businesses or products other than as required in the good faith discharge of his duties hereunder. During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, the Company (including directors and officers of the Company in their capacity as such) agrees that it shall not make any public statement that is intended to or would reasonably be expected to disparage Executive. At the request of Executive, the Company shall direct its directors and officers to not make any statements that would violate this Section 7(a) if they were made by the Company and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to enforce such direction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 7(a) shall prevent any person from (A) responding publicly to any incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public statement made by or on behalf of the other party to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement or (B) making any truthful statement to the extent required by law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or will be used in any way to limit Executive s rights to communicate with a government agency, as provided for, protected under or warranted by applicable law, including the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 (b) Cooperation . Executive agrees to cooperate, in a reasonable manner and at the expense of the Company, with the Company and its attorneys, both during and after the termination of Executive s employment, in connection with any litigation or other proceeding arising out of or relating to matters in which Executive was involved prior to the termination of Executive s employment so long as such cooperation does not materially interfere with Executive s employment or consulting. In the event that such cooperation is required after the termination of Executive s employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Company shall pay Executive at the rate of 7,500.00 per day and out-of-pocket expenses approved in advance by the Company after presentation by Executive of reasonable documentation related thereto. 
 (c) Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Competitor shall mean any business or enterprise in the theme park business, which shall include, without limitation, amusement and water parks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive s provision of services to an Affiliate or business unit of a Competitor that is not directly engaged in the theme park business shall not be a violation of the restrictions of this Section 7 so long as Executive does not provide material services in respect of the theme park business and does not have material direct or indirect managerial or oversight responsibility or authority for the theme park business. Nothing contained herein shall prevent Executive from acquiring, solely as an investment, any publicly-traded securities of any person so long as he remains a passive investor in such person and does not own more than one percent (1 of the outstanding securities thereof. 
 8. Enforcement . Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purpose of the covenants set forth in Sections 5 through 7 above (the Restrictive Covenants is to protect the goodwill, trade secrets and other confidential information of the Company (ii) because of the nature of the business in which the Company is engaged and because of the nature of the Confidential Information to which Executive has access, it would be impractical and excessively difficult to determine the actual damages of the Company in the event Executive breached any such covenants and (iii) remedies at law (such as monetary damages) for any breach of Executive s obligations under the Restrictive Covenants would be inadequate. Executive therefore agrees and consents that if Executive commits 

any breach of a Restrictive Covenant, the Company shall have the right (in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other right or remedy that may be available to it) to temporary and permanent injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, without posting any bond or other security and without the necessity of proof of actual damage. If any portion of the Restrictive Covenants is hereafter determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such determination shall not affect the remainder thereof, which shall be given the maximum effect possible and shall be fully enforced, without regard to the invalid portions. In particular, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the covenants set forth in Section 7 are found by a court or an arbitrator to be unreasonable, Executive and the Company agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical area that is found to be reasonable shall be substituted for the stated period, scope or area, and that the court or arbitrator shall revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. If any of the Restrictive Covenants are determined to be wholly or partially unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such determination shall not be a bar to or in any way diminish the Company s right to enforce any such covenant in any other jurisdiction. 
 9. Indemnification . 
 (a) The Company agrees that if Executive is made a party to, is threatened to be made a party to, receives any legal process in, or receives any discovery request or request for information in connection with, any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, excluding any action instituted by Executive, any action related to any actual violation of Section 16 of the Exchange Act by Executive or any action brought by the Company for compensation or damages related to Executive s breach of this Agreement (a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he was a director, officer, employee, consultant or agent of the Company, or was serving at the request of, or on behalf of, the Company as a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of another corporation, limited liability corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether or not the basis of such Proceeding is Executive s alleged action in an official capacity while serving as a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or other entity, Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted or authorized by the Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or, if greater, by applicable law, against any and all costs, expenses, liabilities and losses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees reasonably incurred, judgments, fines, taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and any reasonable cost and fees incurred in enforcing his rights to indemnification or contribution) incurred or suffered by Executive in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to Executive even though he has ceased to be a director, officer, member, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or other entity and shall inure to the benefit of Executive s heirs, executors and administrators. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by him in connection with any Proceeding within twenty (20) business days after receipt by the Company of a written request for such reimbursement and appropriate documentation associated with these expenses. Such request shall include an undertaking by Executive to repay the amount of such advance if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified against such costs and expenses provided , that the amount of such obligation to repay shall be limited to the after-tax amount of any such advance except to the extent 

Executive is able to offset such taxes incurred on the advance by the tax benefit, if any, attributable to a deduction for repayment. 
 (b) Neither the failure of the Company (including the Board or the Company s independent legal counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any proceeding concerning payment of amounts claimed by Executive under Section 9(a) above that indemnification of Executive is proper because he has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor a determination by the Company (including the Board or the Company s independent legal counsel or stockholders) that Executive has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption or inference that Executive has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (c) The Company agrees to continue and maintain a directors and officers liability insurance policy covering Executive at a level, and on terms and conditions, no less favorable to him than the coverage the Company provides other similarly-situated executives for six (6) years after Executive s Date of Termination or such longer statute of limitation period. 
 (d) Nothing in this Section 9 shall be construed as reducing or waiving any right to indemnification, or advancement of expenses, Executive would otherwise have under the Company s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or under applicable law. 
 10. Arbitration . Subject to Section 8, in the event that any dispute arises between the Company and Executive regarding or relating to this Agreement and or any aspect of Executive s employment relationship with the Company, the parties consent to resolve such dispute through mandatory arbitration under the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA ), before a single arbitrator in Dallas, Texas. The parties hereby consent to the entry of judgment upon award rendered by the arbitrator in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should adequate grounds exist for seeking immediate injunctive or immediate equitable relief, any party may seek and obtain such relief. The parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal courts of or in the State of Texas for purposes of seeking such injunctive or equitable relief as set forth above. Out-of-pocket costs and expense reasonably incurred by Executive in connection with such arbitration (including attorneys fees) shall be paid by the Company with respect to each claim on which the arbitrator determines Executive prevails. 
 11. Mutual Representations . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that before signing this Agreement, Executive was given the opportunity to read it, evaluate it and discuss it with Executive s personal advisors. Executive further acknowledges that the Company and its advisors have not provided Executive with any legal or tax advice regarding this Agreement. 
 (b) Executive represents and warrants to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof (i) shall not constitute a default under, or conflict with, any agreement or other instrument to which he is a party or by which he is bound and (ii) as to his execution and delivery of this Agreement do not require the consent of any other person. 

(c) The Company represents and warrants to Executive that (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company has been fully and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, (ii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Company is duly authorized to do so, (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not violate any applicable law, regulation, order, judgment or decree or any agreement, plan or corporate governance document to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound and (iv) upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties, it shall be a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally. 
 (d) Each party hereto represents and warrants to the other that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of such party enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms. 
 12. Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered (i) personally, (ii) by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, (iii) by facsimile with evidence of completed transmission, or (iv) delivered by overnight courier to the party concerned at the address indicated below or to such changed address as such party may subsequently give such notice of 
 If to the Company CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc. 1000 Ballpark Way, Suite 400 Arlington, Texas 76011 Phone 972-595-5000 Attention Chris Neumann 
 If to Six Flags 

If to Executive 
 Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 1000 Ballpark Way, Suite 400 Arlington, Texas 76011 Phone 972-595-5000 Attention Chris Neumann 
 At the address on file with the Company 
 
 13. Assignment and Successors . This Agreement is personal in its nature and none of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the others, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder provided , however , that in the event of a Change in Control or any merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor, and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants, duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder, and such transferee or successor shall be required to assume such obligations by contract (unless such assumption occurs by operation of law). Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to select (and change, to the extent permitted under any applicable law) a beneficiary or beneficiaries to 

receive any compensation or benefit payable hereunder following Executive s death or judicially determined incompetence by giving the Company written notice thereof. In the event of Executive s death or a judicial determination of his incompetence, reference in this Agreement to Executive shall be deemed, where appropriate, to refer to his beneficiary, estate or other legal representative. 
 14. Governing Law Amendment . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement executed by Executive and the Company or their respective successors and legal representatives. 
 15. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in part, the remaining portion of such provision, together with all other provisions of this Agreement, shall remain valid and enforceable and continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent consistent with law. 
 16. Tax Withholding . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may withhold from amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required to be withheld by applicable laws or regulations. 
 17. No Waiver . Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of, or to assert any right under, this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or of any other provision of or right under this Agreement. Any provision of this Agreement may be waived by the parties hereto provided , that any waiver by any person of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if in writing and signed by each party and such waiver must specifically refer to this Agreement and to the terms or provisions being modified or waived. 
 18. No Mitigation . In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as set forth herein, such amounts shall not be subject to offset or otherwise reduced whether or not Executive obtains other employment. The Company s obligation to make any payment pursuant to, and otherwise to perform its obligations under, this Agreement shall not be affected by any offset, counterclaim or other right that the Company have against Executive for any reason provided , that the Company may cease making the payments or providing the benefits, in each case, under Section 4 if Executive materially breaches the provisions of Sections 5, 6 and 7 and, if curable, does not cure such breach within fifteen (15) days after written notice from the Company. 
 19. Section 409A . This Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A with respect to amounts, if any, subject thereto and shall be interpreted and construed and shall be performed by the parties consistent with such intent. To the extent Executive would otherwise be entitled to any payment under this Agreement, or any plan or arrangement of the Company or its Affiliates, that constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A and that if paid during the six (6) months beginning on the Date of Termination of Executive s employment would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of 

Section 409A and as determined by the Company), the payment will be paid to Executive on the earlier of the six (6) month anniversary of his Date of Termination or death. To the extent Executive would otherwise be entitled to any benefit (other than a payment) during the six (6) months beginning on termination of Executive s employment that would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax, the benefit will be delayed and will begin being provided on the earlier of the first day following the six (6) month anniversary of Executive s Date of Termination or death. Any payment or benefit due upon a termination of employment that represents a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be paid or provided only upon a separation from service as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h). Each payment made under this Agreement shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) Short-Term Deferrals and (b)(9) Separation Pay Plans , including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1 through A-6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or elsewhere, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive s separation from service occurs and provided , further , that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive s separation from service occurs. To the extent any expense reimbursement (including, without limitation, any reimbursement of interest or penalties related to taxes) or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise), the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one (1) calendar year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any life-time or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 20. Headings . The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and in no manner shall be construed as part of this Agreement. 
 21. Duration of Terms . The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of Executive s employment to the extent necessary to give effect to such rights and obligations. 
 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 23. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, the Closing Bonus Letter Agreement and the exhibits hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all prior 

agreements, whether written or oral, with respect thereto (including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement and Exhibit A to the Steel Disclosure Letter to the Merger Agreement) provided , however , that the provisions of this Agreement are in addition to and complement (and do not replace or supersede) any other written agreement(s) or parts thereof between Executive and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates that create restrictions on Executive with respect to confidentiality, non-disclosure, noncompetition, non-solicitation or nondisparagement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any other Company plan, policy, equity grant, arrangement or agreement with Executive, the provisions most favorable to Executive shall govern. 
 24. Certain Change in Control Payments . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, after exhausting all available mitigation strategies, including, without limitation, those permitted pursuant to the Merger Agreement, any payments or benefits Executive would receive from the Company under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control (the Total Payments (a) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) but for this Section 24, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then Executive will be entitled to receive either (i) the full amount of the Total Payments or (ii) a portion of the Total Payments having a value equal to 1 less than three (3) times such individual s base amount (as such term is defined in Section 280G(b)(3)(A) of the Code), whichever of (i) and (ii), after taking into account applicable federal, state, and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, results in the receipt by such employee on an after-tax basis, of the greatest portion of the Total Payments. Any determination required under this Section 24 shall be made in writing by the accountant or tax counsel selected by the Company. If there is a reduction pursuant to this Section 24 of the Total Payments to be delivered to Executive and to the extent that an ordering of the reduction other than by Executive is required by Section 19 or other tax requirements, the payment reduction contemplated by the preceding sentence shall be implemented by determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as defined below) for each parachute payment and then reducing the parachute payments in order beginning with the parachute payment with the highest Parachute Payment Ratio. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio, such parachute payments shall be reduced based on the time of payment of such parachute payments, with amounts having later payment dates being reduced first. For parachute payments with the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment, such parachute payments shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (but not below zero) prior to reducing parachute payments with a lower Parachute Payment Ratio. For purposes hereof, the term Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction the numerator of which is the value of the applicable parachute payment for purposes of Section 280G of the Code and the denominator of which is the actual present value of such payment. 
 
 Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive, the Company and Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (solely for purposes of the provisions in Sections 1 and 23 related to the Prior Agreement) have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 COPPERSTEEL HOLDCO, INC. 
 By s Selim A. Bassoul 
 Name Selim A. Bassoul 
 Title Executive Chairman 
 
 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 By s Selim A. Bassoul 
 Name Selim A. Bassoul 
 Title Executive Chairman 

EXECUTIVE 
 s Gary Mick Gary Mick 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF AWARD AGREEMENT FILED SEPARATELY 

EXHIBIT B 
 Agreement and General Release 
 Agreement and General Release Agreement ), by and between Gary Mick Executive and referred to herein as you and CopperSteel HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 
 1. In exchange for your waiver of claims against the Released Persons (as defined below) and compliance with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Company agrees to provide you with the payments and benefits provided in Section 4 of your Employment Agreement with the Company and Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, dated July 1, 2024, (the Employment Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. 
 2. (a) In consideration for the payments and benefits to be provided to you pursuant to section 1 above, you, for yourself and for your heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives and assigns (hereinafter referred to collectively as Releasors ), forever release and discharge the Company and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related business entities, successors and assigns, and any of its or their respective directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, employees and assigns (in each case, in their capacity as such) (collectively the Released Persons from any and all claims, suits, demands, causes of action, covenants, obligations, debts, costs, expenses, fees and liabilities of any kind whatsoever in law or equity, by statute or otherwise, whether known or unknown, vested or contingent, suspected or unsuspected and whether or not concealed or hidden (collectively, the Claims ), which you have had, now have, or may have against any of the Released Persons by reason of any act, omission, transaction, practice, plan, policy, procedure, conduct, occurrence, or other matter arising up to and including the date on which you sign this Agreement, except as provided in subsection (c) below. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to and shall release the Released Persons from any and all such claims, whether known or unknown, which you have had, now have, or may have against the Released Persons arising out of your employment or termination thereof, including, but not limited to (i) any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (excluding claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Released Persons subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law), the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, or the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Texas Labor Code, the Texas Payday Law, the Texas Anti-Retaliation Act, the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act and the Texas Whistleblower Act, in each case as amended update as appropriate (ii) any other claim whether based on federal, state, or local law (statutory or decisional), rule, regulation or ordinance, including, but not limited to, breach of contract (express or implied), wrongful discharge, detrimental reliance, defamation, emotional distress or compensatory or punitive damages and (iii) any claim for attorneys fees, costs, disbursements and or the like. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be a waiver of claims (1) that arise after the date on which you sign this Agreement, including, without limitation, 

such claims related to any equity award held by you (2) for the payments or benefits required to be provided under Section 4(b) of the Employment Agreement (3) regarding rights of indemnification and receipt of legal fees and expenses to which you are entitled under the Employment Agreement, the Company s or a subsidiary of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws (or similar instrument), pursuant to any separate writing between you and the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or pursuant to applicable law or (4) relating to any claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit plan or retirement plan of the Released Persons subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law (excluding any severance or termination pay plan, program or arrangement, claims to which are specifically waived hereunder. 
 (d) In signing this Agreement, you acknowledge that you intend that this Agreement shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. You expressly consent that this Agreement shall be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown, unsuspected or unanticipated Claims, if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. Update to include reference to any applicable statute regarding the waiver of unknown claims. 
 3. (a) This Agreement is not intended, and shall not be construed, as an admission that any of the Released Persons has violated any federal, state or local law (statutory or decisional), ordinance or regulation, breached any contract or committed any wrong whatsoever against you. 
 (b) Should any provision of this Agreement require interpretation or construction, it is agreed by the parties that the entity interpreting or constructing this Agreement shall not apply a presumption against one party by reason of the rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the party who prepared the document. 
 (c) You represent and warrant that you have not assigned or transferred to any person or entity any of my rights which are or could be covered by this Agreement, including but not limited to the waivers and releases contained in this Agreement. 
 (d) You understand that nothing in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). You further understand this Agreement does not limit, restrict, or in any way affect your ability to (i) communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including (a) providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company or (b) making other disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or (ii) seek or receive any monetary damages, awards or other relief in connection with protected whistleblower activity. While this Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, you understand and agree that, to maximum extent permitted by law, you are otherwise waiving any and all rights you may have to individual relief based on any claims that you have released and any rights you have waived by signing this Agreement. 

4. This Agreement is binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 5. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State. 
 6. You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read this Agreement in its entirety (b) have had an opportunity to consider for at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days the terms of this Agreement (c) are hereby advised by the Company in writing to consult with an attorney of your choice in connection with this Agreement (d) fully understand the significance of all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and have discussed them with your independent legal counsel, or have had a reasonable opportunity to do so (e) have had answered to your satisfaction by your independent legal counsel any questions you have asked with regard to the meaning and significance of any of the provisions of this Agreement and (f) are signing this Agreement voluntarily and of your own free will and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained herein. 
 7. You understand that you will have at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days from the date of receipt of this Agreement to consider the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You may accept this Agreement by signing it and returning it to the Company s General Counsel at the address specified pursuant to Section 12 of the Employment Agreement on or before . After executing this Agreement, you shall have seven (7) days (the Revocation Period to revoke this Agreement by indicating your desire to do so in writing delivered to the General Counsel at the address above by no later than 5 00 p.m. on the seventh (7th) day after the date you sign this Agreement. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the eighth (8th) day after you sign the Agreement. If the last day of the Revocation Period falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, the last day of the Revocation Period will be deemed to be the next business day. In the event you do not accept this Agreement as set forth above, or in the event you revoke this Agreement during the Revocation Period, this Agreement, including but not limited to the obligation of the Company to provide the payments and benefits provided in Section 1 above, shall be deemed automatically null and void. 
 8. Any dispute regarding this Agreement shall be subject to Delaware law without reference to its choice of law provisions. You agree to reimburse the Company for out-of-pocket costs and expense reasonably incurred by in connection with enforcing this Agreement (including attorney s fees) with respect to each claim on which the Company substantially prevails. 
 
 Signature page follows 

EXECUTIVE 
 Gary Mick 
 COPPERSTEEL HOLDCO, INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 4
 sixflags-q3xex1092024.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Richard A. Zimmerman (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its President and Chief Executive Officer, upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall report to the full Board, serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of President and Chief Executive Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Board may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, including the exclusive authority over all Company operations except for the development of the Company s park in Saudi Arabia which will be transitioned by the Board s Executive Chair. The Executive Chair will only attend leadership meetings as invited by Executive. 
 The relationship between Executive and the Executive Chair on strategic matters shall be as follows 
 2.1 The Executive Chair will partner with Executive on the development of a detailed integration plan for Board approval to ensure the transaction and combined parks portfolio aligns with the Company s strategy and value creation goals. 
 2.2 With respect to the execution of cost synergies and integration strategies, the Executive Chair will work closely with Executive to integrate cultures and ensure operational efficiencies while enhancing shareholder value, employee morale and guest satisfaction. 
 2.3 The Executive Chair will coordinate with Executive to manage communications with stakeholders to articulate the rationale behind the transaction, expected synergies and achievement of synergies, how the transaction fits into the broader strategic vision and progress toward integration. 
 While Executive is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Board. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity 
 2 

that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Charlotte, North Carolina, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 1,100,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 (b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 3 

(b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 150 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 163,116 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 8,500,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 4 

(ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to six (6) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company by majority vote of the entire Board 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
 5 

Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments Retirement . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 (a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to two (2) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to three (3) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 6 

(B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twenty four (24) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent 
 7 

any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty-six- (36-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as 
 8 

in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Board or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 9 

(viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities (operational, strategic or otherwise) and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) or 
 (iv) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on 
 10 

which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason, resignation without Good Reason, or Retirement. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 6.8 Retirement . Upon Retirement (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), Executive will continue to participate and vest in all outstanding equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made prior to Executive s date of Retirement, other than the Initial Incentive Grant, in each case on a pro-rata basis for an additional eighteen- (18-) months following Executive s date of Retirement, subject to Executive having (i) completed the full Term of this Agreement and (ii) given at least twelve (12) months advance notice to the Board of his Retirement date (and Executive having retired on or after such date (i.e., no earlier than June 30, 2027)). Executive shall receive payments on the date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant date. All such equity awards shall be paid or 
 11 

vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements. All outstanding Rollover Equity awards shall continue to be subject to the retirement provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements, with awards subject to time-based vesting criteria vesting in full upon retirement (including awards granted with performance-based vesting criteria which were converted to time-based awards at the Closing). 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not 
 12 

be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) 
 13 

through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 14 

(b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or 
 15 

statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 16 

8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 
 17 

above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a 
 18 

Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company 
 19 

be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to 
 20 

receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a 
 21 

representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the 
 22 

Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of 
 23 

Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Brian C. Witherow 
 Name Brian Witherow 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Richard A. Zimmerman 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Richard A. Zimmerman (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et 
 26 

seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to 
 27 

which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 
 
 29 

N WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Richard A. Zimmerman 

i. 
 30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 7,650 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 23,052 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 36,171 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 
 2021 PSU 90,191 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 113,306 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 84,155 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 84,398 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus (A) 91,058 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 Completion Bonus (B) 23,679 50 each on 2 6 2025 4 2025 

31 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 5
 sixflags-q3xex10102024.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 
 Exhibit 10.10 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Brian Witherow (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Financial Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 

1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Financial Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Executive Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Sandusky, Ohio, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 670,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 

2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective 

3 

Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 100 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 52,773 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 2,750,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) 

4 

offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments . 

5 

6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 (a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant 

6 

to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, 

7 

Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the 

8 

expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Executive Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 

9 

provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first 

10 

date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason or resignation without Good Reason. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such 

11 

proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the 

12 

expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or 

13 

otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico)or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 

14 

(i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any 

15 

other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 

16 

8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of 

17 

competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to 

18 

any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement 

19 

shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and 

20 

(iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the 

21 

AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 

22 

(g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to 

23 

Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Brian C. Witherow 
 Brian Witherow 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Brian Witherow (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 

26 

2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary 

27 

damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 (f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 

28 

(b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Brian Witherow 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 2,481 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 6,684 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 10,490 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 24,193 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 36,749 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 24,405 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 24,476 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus 50,994 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 

31 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 6
 sixflags-q3xex10112024.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Tim Fisher (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Operating Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Operating Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Executive Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Charlotte, North Carolina, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 750,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 3 

(ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 125 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 65,247 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 3,400,000 
 (ii) by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (iii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for 
 4 

Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments Retirement . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 5 

(a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any 
 6 

change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award 
 7 

agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a 
 8 

termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Executive Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 9 

(b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For 
 10 

purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason, resignation without Good Reason, or Retirement. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 6.8 Retirement . Upon Retirement (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), Executive will continue to participate and vest in all outstanding equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made prior to Executive s date of Retirement, other than the Initial Incentive Grant, in each case on a pro-rata basis for an additional eighteen- (18-) months following Executive s date of Retirement, subject to Executive having (i) completed the full Term of this Agreement and (ii) given at least twelve (12) months advance notice to the Board of his Retirement date (and Executive having retired on or after such date (i.e., no earlier than June 30, 2027)). Executive shall receive payments on the date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements. All outstanding Rollover Equity awards shall continue to be subject to the retirement provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements, with awards subject to time-based vesting criteria vesting in full upon retirement (including awards granted with performance-based vesting criteria which were converted to time-based awards at the Closing). 
 11 

7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. 
 12 

The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 13 

(i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 14 

(i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company 
 15 

as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 16 

8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent 
 17 

jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to 
 18 

any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall 
 19 

be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 20 

(d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 21 

(c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the 
 22 

interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no 
 23 

portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Tim Fisher 
 Tim Fisher 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Tim Fisher (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Tim Fisher 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 2,797 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 7,652 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 12,009 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 27,286 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 41,438 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 27,940 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 28,020 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus 50,994 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 Great American Land Sale 50,000 100 on 8 23 2025 

31 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 7
 sixflags-q3xex10122024.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Brian Nurse (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Executive Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the office located in Bedford, New York, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable travel expenses, including the cost of lodging and transportation, incurred in connection with Executive s travel to the Company s corporate office in Charlotte, North Carolina, in accordance with Section 7 below. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an 
 2 

annual rate of 600,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 (b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive 
 3 

both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 100 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 40,299 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 2,100,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the 
 4 

Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments . 
 5 

6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 (a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the 
 6 

disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in 
 7 

each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including 
 8 

any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Executive Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on 
 9 

which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good 
 10 

Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason or resignation without Good Reason. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 11 

8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, 
 12 

verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico 
 13 

area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 14 

provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer 
 15 

and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be 
 16 

reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and 
 17 

experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Executive Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement 
 18 

constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of 
 19 

Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 20 

12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action 
 21 

involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or 
 22 

collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 23 

12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 
 
 s Brian Nurse 
 Brian Nurse 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Brian Nurse (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Brian Nurse 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 1,238 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 3,458 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 7,234 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 10,320 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 18,336 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 12,623 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 16,880 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus 25,497 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 Sign On 10,000 100 on 2 24 2025 

31 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 8
 sixflags-q3xex10132024.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Monica Sauls (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Human Resource Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Human Resource Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Legal and Compliance Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Human Resource Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Human Resource Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Charlotte, North Carolina, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 440,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 3 

(ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 80 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 11,898 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 620,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such 
 4 

Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 5 

(a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any 
 6 

change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award 
 7 

agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a 
 8 

termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Legal and Compliance Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 9 

(b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For 
 10 

purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason or resignation without Good Reason. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his 
 11 

employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors 
 12 

of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 13 

(ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or 
 14 

trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and 
 15 

agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or 
 16 

administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event 
 17 

that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the 
 18 

Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation 
 19 

from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to 
 20 

arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed 
 21 

solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from 
 22 

filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 23 

12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Monica Sauls 
 Monica Sauls 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Monica Sauls (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Monica Sauls 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2023 RSA 2,282 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 3,617 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2023 PSU 8,278 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 8,440 100 on 12 31 2026 Sign On 12,000 100 on 2 23 2026 
 
 31 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 9
 sixflags-q3xex10142024.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Christian Dieckmann (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Strategy Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Strategy Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Executive Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Charlotte, North Carolina, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 425,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 3 

(ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 80 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 15,352 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 800,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such 
 4 

Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 5 

(a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any 
 6 

change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award 
 7 

agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a 
 8 

termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Executive Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 9 

(b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For 
 10 

purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason or resignation without Good Reason. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his 
 11 

employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors 
 12 

of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 13 

(ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or 
 14 

trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and 
 15 

agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or 
 16 

administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event 
 17 

that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the 
 18 

Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation 
 19 

from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to 
 20 

arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed 
 21 

solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from 
 22 

filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 23 

12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Christian Dieckmann 
 Christian Dieckmann 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Christian Dieckmann (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Christian Dieckmann 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 433 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 1,198 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 4,340 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 4,230 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 6,422 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 4,376 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 10,128 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus 12,749 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 

31 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 10
 sixflags-q3xex10152024.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and David Hoffman (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Accounting Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Accounting Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Financial Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Financial Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Sandusky, Ohio, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 450,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 3 

(ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 80 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 11,514 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 600,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such 
 4 

Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 5 

(a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any 
 6 

change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award 
 7 

agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a 
 8 

termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Financial Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 9 

(b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For 
 10 

purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason or resignation without Good Reason. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his 
 11 

employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors 
 12 

of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 13 

(ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or 
 14 

trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and 
 15 

agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or 
 16 

administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event 
 17 

that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the 
 18 

Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation 
 19 

from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to 
 20 

arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed 
 21 

solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from 
 22 

filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 23 

12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s David Hoffman 
 David Hoffman 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and David Hoffman (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 David Hoffman 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 724 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 1,908 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 2,995 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 7,060 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 10,721 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 6,968 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 6,988 100 on 12 31 2026 Completion Bonus 15,298 50 each on 12 4 2024 4 2025 

31 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 11
 sixflags-q3xex10162024.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Ty Tastepe (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Digital and Technology Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Digital and Technology Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Financial Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Digital and Technology Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Digital and Technology Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Financial Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the office located in Orlando, Florida, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 460,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the 
 2 

event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 (b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was 
 3 

paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 (ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 80 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 11,514 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 600,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to 
 4 

the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments Retirement . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) 
 5 

or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 (a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or 
 6 

the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment 
 7 

date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 8 

6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Financial Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of 
 9 

employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 (b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 10 

(d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason, resignation without Good Reason, or Retirement. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 6.8 Retirement . Upon Retirement (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), Executive will continue to participate and vest in all outstanding equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made prior to Executive s date of Retirement, other than the Initial Incentive Grant, in each case on a pro-rata basis for an additional eighteen- (18-) months following Executive s date of Retirement, subject to Executive having (i) completed the full Term of this Agreement and (ii) given at least twelve (12) months advance notice to the Board of his Retirement date (and Executive having retired on or after such date (i.e., no earlier than June 30, 2027)). Executive shall receive payments on the date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements. All outstanding Rollover Equity awards shall continue to be subject to the retirement provisions set 
 11 

forth in the applicable award agreements, with awards subject to time-based vesting criteria vesting in full upon retirement (including awards granted with performance-based vesting criteria which were converted to time-based awards at the Closing). 
 7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) 
 12 

give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 13 

8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 (i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 14 

(b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 (i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure 
 15 

Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and 
 16 

expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any 
 17 

other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a 
 18 

breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 19 

(a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any 
 20 

arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 (d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance 
 21 

with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 (c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the 
 22 

Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company 
 23 

exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Ty Tastepe 
 Ty Tastepe 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Ty Tastepe (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Ty Tastepe 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 573 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 1,512 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 2,373 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 5,168 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 8,495 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 5,521 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 5,537 100 on 12 31 2026 

31 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 12
 sixflags-q3xex10172024.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 Exhibit 10.17 

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Employment Agreement (the Agreement ), dated October 8, 2024, is by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Robert White (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, following the closing of the merger on July 1, 2024 (the Closing of Cedar Fair, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Cedar Fair ), Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and certain other related parties (each such party, a Predecessor Company ), as contemplated by that Agreement and Plan of Merger between the same and dated as of November 2, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), of which the Company is a surviving corporation, the Company wishes to employ executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive was employed by Cedar Fair and now desires to be employed by the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and Executive intend and agree that effective as of the Closing (the Effective Date ), except as may be specified otherwise herein, this Agreement shall supersede and replace all employment agreements between Executive, the Company, and any Predecessor Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such employment and the mutual covenants and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows 
 1. Employment . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to accept employment with the Company as its Chief Commercial Officer upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. Executive s employment with the Company under the terms of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, subject to earlier termination of such employment pursuant to the terms hereof, until (and including) the three- (3-) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term ). The Term, as set forth herein is hereinafter referred to as the Employment Period . 
 1.1 In the event both the Executive and Company desire to continue the employment arrangement contemplated by this Agreement following the end of the Employment Period, then the Executive and Company shall negotiate in good faith during the ninety (90) day period immediately prior to the expiration of the Term to enter into a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into during such ninety (90) day period, then the Executive and Company may agree to extend the Term by thirty (30) days to continue negotiations on a new employment agreement. If a new agreement has not been entered into by the end of such additional thirty (30) day period, then the Term shall expire. 
 1 

1.2 If the Company does not intend to extend the Term following the expiration thereof, the Company shall provide Executive at least six (6) months advance written notice of such intent. 
 2. Duties . During the Employment Period, Executive shall serve on a full-time basis, and perform services in a capacity and in a manner consistent with Executive s position for the Company. Executive shall have the title of Chief Commercial Officer commencing as of the Effective Date and shall have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are consistent with the customary duties, authorities and responsibilities of such a position for a public company, and as the Chief Operating Officer may designate from time to time while the Executive serves as the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company. 
 While Executive is the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Operating Officer. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive s business time and attention and Executive s best efforts (excepting vacation time, holidays, sick days and periods of disability) to Executive s employment and service with the Company provided that this Section 2 shall not be interpreted as prohibiting Executive from (i) managing Executive s personal investments (so long as such investment activities are of a passive nature), (ii) engaging in charitable or civic activities, (iii) participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of non-profit organizations, or (iv) subject to approval by the Board in its sole discretion, participating on boards of directors or similar bodies of for-profit organizations, in each case, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not (a) materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, (b) create a fiduciary conflict, or (c) with respect to (ii), (iii), and (iv) only, detrimentally affect the Company s reputation as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith. If requested, Executive shall also serve as an executive officer and or member of the board of directors of any entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company (an Affiliate without additional compensation including, and being subject to his election by the shareholders of the Company, serving as a member of the Board during the Employment Period. 
 3. Location of Employment . Executive s principal place of employment shall be at the Company s corporate office located in Charlotte, North Carolina, subject to reasonable business travel consistent with Executive s duties and responsibilities. 
 4. Compensation . 
 4.1 Base Salary . 
 (a) In consideration of all services rendered by Executive under this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary (the Base Salary at an annual rate of 460,000 during the Employment Period. Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed from time to time (but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company). 
 2 

(b) The Base Salary shall be paid in such installments and at such times as the Company pays its regularly salaried employees and shall be subject to all required withholding taxes, including income, FICA, and Medicare contributions, and similar deductions. 
 4.2 Rollover Equity . It is hereby acknowledged that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Executive s pre-Closing equity awards granted under Cedar Fair s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan were converted into the equity awards denominated in shares of the Company s common stock, as set forth in Exhibit B (the Rollover Equity ). Each such award shall remain governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement and this Agreement (to the extent specifically referred to herein). 
 4.3 Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, Executive will be eligible to participate in one or more of the Company s cash incentive compensation plans and equity incentive plans (awards or compensation under any such plans being referred to as Incentive Compensation at a level appropriate to Executive s position and performance, as solely determined by the Board. Executive s Incentive Compensation as set forth in this Section 4.3 (other than the Initial Incentive Grant as defined below in Section 4.3(b)) will be reviewed from time to time but will not decrease, except in the event of an across-the-board reduction applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company. 
 (a) Annual Cash Incentive Compensation . The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, and corresponding attainment percentages. 
 (b) In General . Any cash incentive compensation Annual Cash Incentive payable to Executive for a calendar year shall be paid to Executive at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates. Executive shall not be paid any Annual Cash Incentive with respect to a calendar year unless Executive is employed with the Company on the last day of the calendar year to which such Annual Cash Incentive relates, except as otherwise set forth in Section 6 hereof and in compliance with Section 12.7. 
 (i) 2024 Bonus . Executive s Annual Cash Incentive from the Effective Date to December 31, 2024 shall be a pro-rata portion (50 of Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive (as defined in Section 4.3(a)(iii) below) based on a target to be determined by the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive. The Company and Executive both acknowledge that Executive s Annual Cash Incentive for the period prior to Closing (January 1, 2024 to the Effective Date) was paid to Executive based on Cedar Fair s standalone performance prior to Closing. 
 
 3 

(ii) Annual Bonus . Executive s Target Annual Cash Incentive will be 80 of Base Salary. Beginning for 2025, the Board, in good faith consultation with Executive, will set annually the performance metrics for business objectives and or individual goals for the Annual Cash Incentive, as well as target payment thresholds and maximum payouts. 
 
 (c) Initial Incentive Grant . It is acknowledged that Executive received a performance stock unit award under the Company s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan) (the Stock Incentive Plan and such grant the Initial Incentive Grant on the following terms (i) the target number of shares underlying the Initial Incentive Grant is 12,090 and (ii) the Initial Incentive Grant is subject to the adjusted EBITDA goals, and the other terms and conditions, as further set forth in the applicable award agreement. 
 (d) Annual Equity Incentive Compensation . For each year of the Employment Period following 2024, Executive shall receive an award under the Stock Incentive Plan on the following terms, as are specifically set forth in applicable the award agreement, and at the same time the Company generally makes equity grants to other senior executives of the Company (the Annual Equity Grant ). 
 (i) The target number of shares underlying the Annual Equity Grant shall be determined by dividing 630,000 by the closing stock trading price of the Company on the date of the Annual Equity Grant or, in the case of stock options or similar awards, shall be determined based on Black-Scholes or a similar option-pricing model approved by the Committee. 
 (ii) The Board will establish the applicable service-based and performance-based goals and corresponding attainment percentages, which may include adjusted EBITDA or other criteria, in good faith consultation with Executive. 
 4.4 Vacation . Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation days, which shall accrue and be useable by Executive in accordance with Company policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 4.5 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in any benefit and compensation plans, including but not limited to medical, disability, life insurance, 401(k) and deferred compensation plans (but excluding any severance or bonus plans unless specifically referenced in this Agreement) offered by the Company as in effect from time to time (collectively, Benefit Plans ), on the same basis as those generally made available to other senior executives of the Company, to the extent Executive may be eligible to do so under the terms of any such Benefit Plan provided, that the Company shall cover the costs of an annual physical for Executive under the Company s medical plan. Executive understands that any such 
 4 

Benefit Plans may be terminated or amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 4.6 Business Expenses . During the Employment Period reasonable travel, entertainment, and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of his duties hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 5. Termination . Executive s employment hereunder may only be terminated as follows 
 5.1 Death . Automatically in the event of the death of Executive 
 5.2 Disability . At the option of the Company, by written notice to Executive or Executive s personal representative in the event of the Disability of Executive. As used herein, the term Disability shall mean a physical or mental incapacity or disability which has rendered, or is likely to render, Executive unable to perform Executive s material duties for a period of either (i) one hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve- (12-) month period or (ii) ninety (90) consecutive days, as determined by a medical physician selected by the Company 
 5.3 By Company . At the option of the Company 
 (a) for Cause (as defined in Section 6.5 and subject to the notice and cure provisions therein) or 
 (b) without Cause, but subject to ten (10) days prior written notice to Executive (provided that the assignment of this Agreement to and assumption of this Agreement by the purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall not be treated as a termination without Cause under this Section 5.3). 
 5.4 By Executive For Good Reason . At the option of Executive for Good Reason (as provided in Section 6.5) or 
 5.5 By Executive Without Good Reason . At the option of Executive for any or no reason, on sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective as a resignation earlier than the termination date provided in such notice) subject to Section 6.6 to the extent applicable. 
 6. Severance Payments Retirement . 
 6.1 Termination Without Cause, Disability or Resignation for Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated at any time during the Employment Period by the Company without Cause (and not for death) or pursuant to Section 5.2 (Disability) or by Executive for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.5), subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, Executive shall be entitled to 
 5 

(a) within thirty (30) days following such termination (i) payment of Executive s accrued and unpaid Base Salary (ii) reimbursement of expenses under Section 7 hereof and (iii) payment for accrued and unused vacation days, in each case accrued as of the date of termination 
 (b) and 
 (i) if such termination occurs other than within the time periods specified in Section 6.1(b)(ii) below an amount equal to one (1) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive at the time of termination of employment, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 
 (ii) if such termination occurs during the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change in Control or within the twenty-four (24) month period following the Effective Date 
 (A) an amount equal to two and one half (2.5) times Executive s Base Salary and target Annual Cash Incentive, payable in a single lump sum payment on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following the sixtieth (60th) day after Executive s termination of employment, provided that such payments are subject to the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 12.7 and 
 (B) full and immediate vesting in all of Executive s equity awards under the Stock Incentive Plan and all Rollover Equity, in each case, then held by Executive as of the date of such termination provided further that any equity awards conditioned upon performance criteria, goals or objectives that so vest fully and immediately upon such a termination shall be payable at target. 
 (iii) if such termination occurs following a Disability under Section 5.2 monetary payments actually received by Executive from a bona fide short-term or long-term disability plan maintained by the Company shall be used to reduce any payment made by the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1(b) on a dollar for dollar basis provided that (w) the disability plan payments qualify as disability pay under Treasury Regulation Section 31.3121(v)(2)-1(b) (4)(iv)(C) (x) such reduction does not otherwise affect the time of payment of such Base Salary or the provision of benefits (y) the disability plan covers a substantial number of employees and, was in effect before Executive became Disabled and (z) any subsequent amendment of such plan or any 
 6 

change in the benefits payable under such plan results from actions taken by an independent third party or, if taken by the Company that they are generally applicable to a substantial number of other employees 
 (c) any Annual Cash Incentive award earned with respect to a calendar year ending on or prior to the date of such termination of employment but unpaid as of such date, shall be payable at the same time such payment would be made if Executive continued to be employed by the Company 
 (d) a pro-rata portion of Executive s Annual Cash Incentive award for the calendar year in which Executive s termination of employment occurs (determined by multiplying the amount of such Annual Cash Incentive, measured pursuant to the metrics established by the Board, that would be due for the full calendar year, by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the calendar year of termination that Executive is employed with the Company and the denominator of which is 365 based on actual performance) and payable at the same time that other senior executives of the Company receive bonus payments in respect of the calendar year in which such termination occurs, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the end of the calendar year to which such cash incentive award relates. 
 (e) an after-tax lump sum amount equal to twelve (12) months of premiums for continuation coverage under Part 6 of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and Section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of such premiums determined as if Executive were an active employee, provided, that to the extent any such termination occurs during the twenty-four- (24-) month period following either a Change in Control or the Effective Date, such lump sum shall be calculated based on thirty- (30-) months of premiums. 
 
 (f) if such termination is the result of a termination by the Company without Cause, Disability, or resignation by Executive for Good Reason (and without limitation of Section 6.1(b)(ii) above), then, subject to Executive executing a general release of all claims as set forth in Section 6.6, Executive shall become fully vested in the Rollover Equity awards and any equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made following the Effective Date, in each case that are scheduled to vest within the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination. Other than as set forth below in the context of stock options, Executive shall receive payments on the payment date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant payment date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award 
 7 

agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements or proration. Stock options that vest within the eighteen- (18-) month post termination period will terminate thirty (30) calendar days after the vesting date unless exercised by the Executive. Such equity awards that are scheduled to vest (in whole or in part) after the eighteen- (18-) month period following Executive s date of termination as described above in this paragraph (f), shall vest and be paid only in accordance with the terms of the applicable award and the terms of the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 (g) Facility of Payments in the Event of Death After Termination of Employment . Severance payments (made by reason of terminations without Cause, for Disability, Resignation for Good Reason, and after a Change in Control) which have not yet commenced (i.e., because of the six-month waiting period under Section 12.7), or which have commenced, but are unpaid at death of Executive (i.e., during months six to twelve months after termination), will be paid to Executive s designated beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable and, 
 (h) Other Accrued Amounts . All other accrued amounts or accrued benefits due to Executive in accordance with the Company s benefit plans, programs or policies (other than severance). 
 6.2 Termination due to Death . Upon the termination of Executive s employment due to Executive s death pursuant to Section 5.1, subject to Section 6.6 hereof, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (d), (f) and (h) hereof. In addition, subject to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents timely election of continuation coverage under the COBRA, the Company shall pay to Executive s spouse and eligible dependents in a lump sum an after-tax amount equal to twelve (12) months of the COBRA continuation coverage premium under the Company s group medical plans as in effect from time to time, less the amount of Executive s portion of the premium determined as if Executive were an active employee. 
 6.3 Expiration of the Term . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, in the event Executive s Term expires, Executive s severance benefits following the expiration of the Term shall be governed by the terms of the Company s Executive Management and Severance Plan (including the Restrictive Covenants and Arbitration Agreement attached thereto) and any other plan or agreement (including any outstanding equity award or incentive plan agreement) which are or may go into effect, which terms shall not be less beneficial than Executive severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 
 6.4 Termination For Any Other Reason . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason other than by the Company without Cause, as a result of death or Disability or by Executive for Good Reason, including without limitation a 
 8 

termination by the Company for Cause or a resignation by Executive without Good Reason, Executive or Executive s legal representatives shall be entitled to receive the payments and benefits described under Sections 6.1(a), (c), (g) and (h) hereof. 
 6.5 Certain Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Cause shall mean 
 (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform his duties hereunder or to follow the lawful direction of the Chief Operating Officer or a material breach of fiduciary duty after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (ii) Theft or fraud, with regard to the Company or in connection with Executive s duties 
 (iii) Executive s conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any lesser offense involving fraud, or moral turpitude 
 (iv) material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or similar written policies after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (v) willful misconduct unrelated to the Company having, or likely to have, a material negative impact on the Company (economically or its reputation) after written notice specifying the failure or breach 
 (vi) an act of gross negligence or willful misconduct by Executive that relates to the affairs of the Company 
 (vii) a material breach by Executive of any provisions of this Agreement 
 (viii) a final, non-appealable determination by a court or other governmental body of competent jurisdiction that a material violation by Executive of federal or state securities laws has occurred or 
 (ix) as provided in Section 12.1 hereof. 
 
 provided however , that Cause shall not exist unless (A) the Company has given Executive written notice of any termination, setting forth the conduct that is alleged to constitute Cause, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which the Company has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) the Company has provided Executive at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to both meet with the Board and to cure such conduct and Executive has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by the Company for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. Failure to achieve any specified performance goals shall not constitute Cause. 
 9 

(b) Change in Control shall mean a change in the ownership of the Company, a change in effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company under Treasury Regulations 1.409A- 3(i)(5), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s express consent 
 (i) during the two-year period following the Closing, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties, including any alteration of Executive s responsibilities, authorities and relationships as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement 
 (ii) during the remainder of the Term, following the two-year period specified in clause (i) above, any material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority or duties 
 (iii) any material reduction in (x) Executive s aggregate amount of Base Salary or (y) target Incentive Compensation opportunity (except in the event of an across-the-board reduction in Base Salary or Incentive Compensation opportunity applicable to substantially all senior executives of the Company) 
 (iv) a forced relocation by the Company of Executive s place of employment by the greater of seventy (70) miles or, if greater, the distance constituting a material change in the geographic location of Executive s place of employment within the meaning of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 12.7 or 
 (v) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company 
 
 provided however , that no event described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) shall constitute Good Reason unless (A) Executive has given the Company written notice of the termination, setting forth the conduct of the Company that is alleged to constitute Good Reason, within thirty (30) days of the first date on which Executive has knowledge of such conduct, and (B) Executive has provided the Company at least thirty (30) days following the date on which such notice is provided to cure such conduct and the Company has failed to do so. Failing such cure, a termination of employment by Executive for Good Reason shall be effective on the day following the expiration of such cure period. 
 (d) Noncompetition Period shall mean during Executive s employment and during any period following a termination of employment for which Executive s severance is meant to compensate Executive plus an additional twelve- (12-) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the Noncompetition Period exceed a twenty-four- (24-) month period. For 
 10 

purposes of clarity, a Noncompetition Period shall apply to any form of termination of employment, including but not limited to, termination without Cause, termination for Cause, resignation for Good Reason, resignation without Good Reason, or Retirement. 
 6.6 Conditions to Payment . All payments and benefits due to Executive under this Section 6 which are not otherwise required by law shall be payable only if Executive (or Executive s beneficiary or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised to comply with applicable law to achieve its intent. Such general release shall be executed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation) within sixty (60) days following termination and provided further that if the sixty- (60-) day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, payments shall always be made in the second calendar year. Failure to timely execute and return such release or revocation thereof shall be a waiver by Executive of Executive s right to severance (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any amounts described in Sections 6.1(a), (c), and (h) hereof). In addition, severance shall be conditioned on Executive s compliance with Section 8 hereof as provided in Section 9 below. 
 6.7 No Other Severance . Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that, other than the severance payments described in this Agreement, upon termination of employment Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance under any Company benefit plan or severance policy generally available to the Company s employees or otherwise. 
 6.8 Retirement . Upon Retirement (as defined in the Stock Incentive Plan), Executive will continue to participate and vest in all outstanding equity awards granted under the Stock Incentive Plan made prior to Executive s date of Retirement, other than the Initial Incentive Grant, in each case on a pro-rata basis for an additional eighteen- (18-) months following Executive s date of Retirement, subject to Executive having (i) completed the full Term of this Agreement and (ii) given at least twelve (12) months advance notice to the Board of his Retirement date (and Executive having retired on or after such date (i.e., no earlier than June 30, 2027)). Executive shall receive payments on the date as provided in the applicable award agreement as if Executive were employed by the Company on the relevant date. All such equity awards shall be paid or vest pursuant to the terms of the original award agreements, but without regard to any continuing employment requirements. All outstanding Rollover Equity awards shall continue to be subject to the retirement provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements, with awards subject to time-based vesting criteria vesting in full upon retirement (including awards granted with performance-based vesting criteria which were converted to time-based awards at the Closing). 
 11 

7. Reimbursement of Expenses . Subject to Section 6.6 and Section 12.7, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred by Executive directly in connection with the business and affairs of the Company and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder upon presentation of proper receipts or other proof of expenditure and in accordance with the guidelines and limitations established by the Company as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall present all such proper receipts or other proof of expenditure promptly following the date the expense was incurred, but in no event later than one week after the date the expense was incurred, and reimbursement shall be made promptly thereafter. When traveling for Company business, Executive shall be subject to Company travel policies. 
 8. Restrictions on Activities of Executive . 
 8.1 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Executive acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information (as defined herein). The parties hereto recognize that the services to be performed by Executive pursuant to this Agreement are special and unique, and that by reason of his employment by the Company after the Effective Date, Executive will acquire, or may have acquired, Confidential Information. Executive recognizes that all such Confidential Information is and shall remain the sole property of the Company, free of any rights of Executive, and acknowledges that the Company has a vested interest in assuring that all such Confidential Information remains secret and confidential. Therefore, in consideration of Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, Executive agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date, he will not, directly or indirectly, disclose to any person, firm, company or other entity (other than the Company) any Confidential Information, except as specifically required in the performance of his duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of the Company, except to the extent that (i) any such Confidential Information becomes generally available to the public, other than as a result of a breach by Executive of this Section 8.1 or by any other executive officer of the Company subject to confidentiality obligations, or (ii) any such Confidential Information becomes available to Executive on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Company, or its executive officers or advisors provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligation of secrecy to, the Company or another party. In addition, it shall not be a breach of the confidentiality obligations hereof if Executive is required by law to disclose any Confidential Information provided that in such case, Executive shall (x) give the Company the earliest notice possible that such disclosure is or may be required and (y) cooperate with the Company, at the Company s expense, in protecting to the maximum extent legally permitted, the confidential or proprietary nature of the Confidential Information which must be so disclosed. 
 12 

The obligations of Executive under this Section 8.1 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. During the Employment Period Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the business plans, customer lists, statistical data and compilation, agreements, contracts, manuals or other documents of the Company which embody the Confidential Information, and upon the expiration or the termination of the Employment Period, Executive agrees that all Confidential Information in his possession, directly or indirectly, that is in writing or other tangible form (together with all duplicates thereof) will forthwith be returned to the Company and will not be retained by Executive or furnished to any person, either by sample, facsimile film, audio or video cassette, electronic data, verbal communication or any other means of communication. Executive agrees that the provisions of this Section 8.1 are reasonably necessary to protect the proprietary rights of the Company in the Confidential Information and its trade secrets, goodwill and reputation. 
 (b) For purposes hereof, the term Confidential Information means all information developed or used by the Company relating to the Business (as herein defined), operations, employees, customers, suppliers and distributors of the Company, including, but not limited to, customer lists, purchase orders, financial data, pricing information and price lists, business plans and market strategies and arrangements and any strategic plan, all books, records, manuals, advertising materials, catalogues, correspondence, mailing lists, production data, sales materials and records, purchasing materials and records, personnel records, quality control records and procedures included in or relating to the Business or any of the assets of the Company and all trademarks, copyrights and patents, and applications therefore, all trade secrets, inventions, processes, procedures, research records, market surveys and marketing know-how and other technical papers. The term Confidential Information also includes any other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company and deemed by it to be confidential. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Business shall mean (i) the business of amusement and water parks (ii) leisure theme parks (iii) any other business engaged in or being developed (including production of materials used in the Company s businesses) by the Company, or being considered by the Company, at the time of Executive s termination, in each case, to the extent such business is primarily related to the business of amusement and water parks or leisure theme parks and (iv) any joint venture, partnership or agency arrangements relating to the businesses described in (b)(i) through (iii) above provided that, in determining when an entity is in a Business , the Board will not act unreasonably in making such determination. 
 8.2 Non-Competition . 
 (a) Executive agrees that, during the Noncompetition Period, Executive will not 
 13 

(i) directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control or participate in the ownership, management or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, partner, consultant, contractor, director, or otherwise with, or have any financial interest in, or aid, consult, advise, or assist anyone else in the conduct of, any entity or business 
 (A) in which ten percent (10 or more of whose annual revenues are derived from a Business as defined above and 
 (B) which conducts business in any locality or region of the United States, Ontario or Quebec, Canada, or the Mexico City, Mexico area (whether or not such competing entity or business is physically located in the United States, Canada, or Mexico), or any other area where Business is being conducted by the Company on the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder or in each and every area where the Company intends to conduct such Business as it expresses such intent in the written strategic plan developed by the Company as of the date Executive s employment is terminated hereunder and 
 (ii) either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company, canvass or solicit, or enter into or effect (or cause or authorize to be solicited, entered into, or effected), directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of himself or any other person, any business relating to the services of the type provided by, or orders for business or services similar to those provided by, the Company from any person, company, firm, or other entity who is, or has at any time within two (2) years prior to the date of such action been, a customer or supplier of the Company provided that the restrictions of Section 8.2(a)(i)(y) above shall also apply to any person, company, firm, or other entity with whom the Company is specifically seeking to develop a relationship as a customer or supplier of the Company at the date of such action. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing, Executive s ownership of securities of a public company engaged in competition with the Company not in excess of five percent (5 of any class of such securities shall not be considered a breach of the covenants set forth in this Section 8.1(a). 
 (b) Executive agrees that, at all times from after the Effective Date, Executive will not, either personally or by his agent or by letters, circulars or advertisements, and whether for himself or on behalf of any other person, company, firm, or other entity, except in his capacity as an executive of the Company 
 14 

(i) seek to persuade any employee of the Company to discontinue his or her status or employment therewith or to become employed in a business or activities likely to be competitive with the Business or 
 (ii) solicit or employ any such person at any time within twelve (12) months following the date of cessation of employment of such person with the Company, in any locality or region of the United States or Canada and in each and every other area where the Company conducts its Business 
 
 provided however , that the restrictions set forth in this Section 8.2(b) shall cease upon the expiration of the Noncompetition Period. 
 8.3 Assignment of Inventions . 
 (a) Executive agrees that during employment with the Company, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, formulas, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which Executive may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company s strategic plans, products, processes or apparatus or the Business (collectively, Inventions ), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company as against Executive or any of Executive s assignees. 
 
 Regardless of the status of Executive s employment by the Company, Executive and Executive s heirs, assigns and representatives shall promptly assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during employment with the Company. 
 (b) Whether during or after the Employment Period, Executive further agrees to execute and acknowledge all papers and to do, at the Company s expense, any and all other things necessary for or incident to the applying for, obtaining and maintaining of such letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, as the case may be, and to execute, on request, all papers necessary to assign and transfer such Inventions, copyrights, patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights to the Company and its successors and assigns. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable efforts and, in any event, after ten (10) business days, to secure Executive s signature on a written assignment to the Company, of any application for letters patent, trademark registration or to any common law or statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of Executive s physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason whatsoever, Executive irrevocably designates and appoints the Secretary of the Company 
 15 

as Executive s attorney-in-fact to act on Executive s behalf to execute and file any such applications and to do all lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution or issuance of such assignments, letters patent, copyright or trademark. 
 8.4 Return of Company Property . Within ten (10) days following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive or Executive s personal representative shall return all property of the Company in Executive s possession, including but not limited to all Company-owned computer equipment (hardware and software), telephones, facsimile machines, smart phones, cell phones, tablet computer and other communication devices, credit cards, office keys, security access cards, badges, identification cards and all copies (including drafts) of any documentation or information (however stored) relating to the Business, the Company s customers and clients or its prospective customers and clients. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall be entitled to retain (i) personal papers and other materials of a personal nature, provided that such papers or materials do not include Confidential Information, (ii) information showing Executive s compensation or relating to reimbursement of expenses, and (iii) copies of plans, programs and agreements relating to Executive s employment, or termination thereof, with the Company which he received in Executive s capacity as a participant. 
 8.5 Resignation as an Officer and Director . Upon any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable as an officer of the Company, a member of the board of directors or similar body of any of the Company s Affiliates and as a fiduciary of any Company benefit plan. On or immediately following the date of any termination of Executive s employment, Executive shall confirm the foregoing by submitting to the Company in writing a confirmation of Executive s resignation(s). 
 8.6 Cooperation . During and following the Employment Period, Executive shall give Executive s assistance and cooperation willingly, upon reasonable advance notice (which shall include due regard to the extent reasonably feasible for Executive s employment obligations and prior commitments), in any matter relating to Executive s position with the Company, or Executive s knowledge as a result thereof as the Company may reasonably request, including Executive s attendance and truthful testimony where deemed appropriate by the Company, with respect to any investigation or the Company s defense or prosecution of any existing or future claims or litigations or other proceeding relating to matters in which he was involved or had knowledge by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable out-of-pocket travel costs and expenses incurred by him (in accordance with Company policy) as a result of providing such assistance, upon the submission of the appropriate documentation to the Company. 
 16 

8.7 Non-Disparagement . During his employment with the Company and at any time thereafter, Executive agrees not to disparage or encourage or induce others to disparage the Company, any of its respective employees that were employed during Executive s employment with the Company or any of its respective past and present, officers, directors, products or services (the Company Parties ), and the Company agrees not to disparage, and to take all reasonable efforts to prevent any Company Party from disparaging, Executive. For purposes of this Section 8.7, the term disparage includes, without limitation, comments or statements to the press, to the Company s employees or to any individual or entity with whom the Company has a business relationship (including, without limitation, any vendor, supplier, customer or distributor), or any public statement, that in each case is intended to, or can be reasonably expected to, materially damage either Executive or the Company Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.7 shall prevent Executive or a Company Party from making any truthful statement to the extent, but only to the extent (A) necessary with respect to any litigation, arbitration or mediation involving this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the enforcement of this Agreement, in the forum in which such litigation, arbitration or mediation properly takes place or (B) required by law, legal process or by any court, arbitrator, mediator or administrative or legislative body (including any committee thereof) with apparent jurisdiction over Executive. 
 8.8 Tolling . In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 8, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post- termination restrictions contained in this Section 8 shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation. 
 8.9 Survival . This Section 8 and Section 9 hereof shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or employment of Executive. 
 9. Remedies Scope . 
 9.1 It is specifically understood and agreed that any breach of the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement is likely to result in irreparable injury to the Company (or to Executive in the case of Section 8.7) and that the remedy at law alone will be an inadequate remedy for such breach, and that in addition to any other remedy it may have in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Section 8 above, the Company (or Executive in the case of a breach of Section 8.7) shall be entitled to enforce the specific performance of this Agreement and to seek both temporary and permanent injunctive relief (to the extent permitted by law) without bond and without liability should such relief be denied, modified or violated. Furthermore, in the event of any breach of the provisions of Section 8.2 above or a material and willful breach of any other provision in Section 8 above (the Forfeiture Criteria ), the Company shall be entitled to cease making any severance payments being made hereunder, and in the event of a final, non-appealable determination by a federal or state court of competent 
 17 

jurisdiction that a breach of any provision of Section 8 above has occurred, if such breach of Section 8 above satisfies the Forfeiture Criteria and occurs while Executive is receiving severance payments in accordance with Section 6 above (regardless whether the Company discovers such breach during such period of severance payment or anytime thereafter), the Company shall be entitled to recover any severance payments made to Executive. 
 9.2 Scope . Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the restrictions upon Executive and the rights and remedies conferred upon the Company under Section 8 and Section 9.1 , and hereby acknowledges and agrees that the same are reasonable and necessary in time and territory, are intended to eliminate competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executive s sole means of support, are fully required to protect the business interests of the Company, and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to the detriment to Executive. 
 10. Severable Provisions . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect the validity of any other provision. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is unenforceable in whole or in part because of the duration or scope thereof, the parties hereto agree that said court in making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and scope of such provision to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and that the Agreement in its reduced form shall be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by law. 
 11. Notices . All notices hereunder, to be effective, shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered (a) by hand or mailed by certified mail, postage and fees prepaid, or (b) nationally recognized overnight express mail service, as follows 
 
 If to the Company 8701 Red Oak Boulevard 
 Charlotte, NC 28217 
 Attn Chief Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
 If to Executive The last address shown on records of the Company or to such other address as a party may notify the other pursuant to a notice given in accordance with this Section 11. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 12.1 Executive Representation . Executive hereby represents to the Company that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Executive and the Company and the performance by Executive of Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, or be prevented, interfered with or hindered by, the terms of any employment agreement or other agreement or policy to which Executive is a party or otherwise bound, and further that Executive is not subject to 
 18 

any limitation on his activities on behalf of the Company as a result of agreements into which Executive has entered except for obligations of confidentiality with former employers. To the extent this representation and warranty is not true and accurate, it shall be treated as a Cause event and the Company may terminate Executive for Cause or not permit Executive to continue employment. 
 12.2 No Mitigation Offset . In the event of any termination of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 12.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and as further set forth in the grant agreement of any equity awards, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior understandings, term sheets and agreements, whether written or oral. This Agreement may not be amended or revised except by a writing signed by the parties. 
 12.4 Assignment and Transfer . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor in interest to the Company who acquires all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations of Executive shall be assignable by Executive, nor shall any of the payments required or permitted to be made to Executive by this Agreement be encumbered, transferred or in any way anticipated, except as required by applicable laws. All rights of Executive under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s personal or legal representatives, estates, executors, administrators, heirs and beneficiaries. 
 12.5 Waiver of Breach . A waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by the other party. 
 12.6 Reporting and Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to report all income and withhold from any amounts to be paid or benefits provided to Executive hereunder any federal, state, local or foreign income tax withholding, FICA contributions, Medicare contributions, or other taxes, charges or deductions which it is from time to time required to withhold or that Executive has authorized the Company to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any question as to the amount or requirement of any such withholding shall arise. 
 12.7 Code Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement 
 (a) The parties agree that this Agreement shall be interpreted to comply with or, to the extent possible, be exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder to the extent applicable (collectively Code Section 409A ), and all provisions of this Agreement shall 
 19 

be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Code Section 409A. Except to the extent attributable to a breach of this Agreement by the Company, in no event whatsoever will the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Executive under Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 (b) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. If Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered nonqualified deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, if no exemption or exclusion from Section 409 (A) is determined to apply, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (ii) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 12.7(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed on the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period to Executive in a lump sum with interest at the prime rate during the Delay Period, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates and in the normal payment forms specified for them herein. 
 (c) With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Code Section 409A, (i) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, to be provided in any other taxable year, provided that this clause (ii) shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Code Section 105(b) solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (iii) such payments shall be made on or before the last day of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 
 20 

(d) For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executive s right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days (e.g., payment shall be made within thirty (30) days following the date of termination ), the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company, unless provided otherwise herein. 
 12.8 Arbitration . 
 (a) Executive and the Company agree that, except as provided in Section 12.8(h) below, any dispute, claim, or controversy between them, including without limitation disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, shall be settled exclusively by final and binding arbitration. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrators may be entered and enforced in any federal or state court having jurisdiction over the parties. Executive and the Company expressly acknowledge that this agreement to arbitrate applies without limitation to any disputes, claims or controversies between them, including without limitation claims of unlawful discrimination (including without limitation claims under Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act and all amendments to those statutes, as well as state anti-discrimination statutes), harassment, whistleblowing, retaliation, wrongful discharge, constructive discharge, claims related to the payment of wages or benefits, contract claims, and tort claims under federal, state, or local law, whether created by statute or the common law. By agreeing to submit any and all claims to arbitration (except as set forth in Section 12.8(h) below), Executive and the Company expressly waive any right that they may have to resolve any disputes, claims, or controversies through any other means, including a jury trial or bench trial. 
 (b) The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association AAA except as provided in this Agreement. Within twenty (20) days after notice from one party to the other of the notifying party s election to arbitrate, each party shall select one (1) arbitrator. Within twenty (20) days after the selection of the two (2) arbitrators by the parties, said arbitrators shall in turn select a third arbitrator. If the two (2) arbitrators cannot agree upon the selection of a third arbitrator, the parties agree that the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA in accordance with AAA s arbitrator selection procedures, including the provision of a list of potential arbitrators to both parties. Each member of the panel shall be a lawyer admitted to practice law for a minimum of 15 years. 
 21 

(c) Executive and the Company waive their right to file any arbitration on a class or collective basis both Executive and the Company agree to file any arbitration only on an individual basis and agree not to file any arbitration as a representative of any class or group of others. Therefore, neither Executive nor the Company will seek to certify a class or collective arbitration or otherwise seek to proceed in arbitration on a representative basis, and the arbitrators shall have no authority to conduct a proceeding as a class or collective action or to award any relief to a class of employees. Nor shall Executive or the Company participate in any class or collective action involving claims covered by this Agreement, but instead shall arbitrate all claims covered by this Agreement on an individual basis. 
 (d) The arbitration panel shall have authority to award any remedy or relief that an Ohio or federal court in Ohio could grant in conformity with applicable law on the basis of the claims actually made in the arbitration. The arbitration panel shall not have the authority either to abridge or change substantive rights available under existing law. Notwithstanding the above, any remedy for an alleged breach of the Agreement, wrongful discharge, or constructive discharge, or claims related to compensation and benefits will be governed solely by the applicable provisions of this Agreement, with no right to compensatory, punitive, or equitable relief. Further notwithstanding the foregoing, given the nature of Executive s position with the Company, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to order reinstatement, and Executive waives any right to reinstatement to the full extent permitted by law. 
 (e) The arbitrator may award attorneys fees and costs to the extent authorized by statute. The arbitration panel shall issue a written award listing the issues submitted by the parties, together with a succinct explanation of the manner in which the panel resolved the issues. The costs of the arbitration panel shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules of the AAA. 
 (f) All arbitration proceedings, including the arbitration panel s decision and award, shall be confidential. Neither party shall disclose any information or evidence adduced by the other in the arbitration proceedings, or the panel s award except (I) to the extent that the parties agree otherwise in writing (ii) as necessary in any subsequent proceedings between the parties, such as to enforce the arbitration award or (iii) as otherwise compelled by law. 
 (g) The terms of this arbitration Agreement are severable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions herein shall not affect the application of any other provisions. This Agreement to arbitrate shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The claims, disputes, and controversies submitted to arbitration will be governed by Ohio law and applicable federal law. The arbitrators shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide questions concerning the 
 22 

interpretation and enforceability of this Agreement to arbitrate, including but not limited to questions of whether the parties have agreed to arbitrate a particular claim, whether a binding contract to arbitrate has been entered into, and whether the Agreement to arbitrate is unconscionable or otherwise unenforceable provided however , that it is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to decide any questions as to whether the waiver of class and collective actions is valid or enforceable and all questions of the validity or enforceability of the waiver shall be decided by a court, not the arbitrators, and the court shall stay any arbitration that purports to proceed as a class or collective action or where the claimant in the arbitration seeks to otherwise act in a representative capacity. 
 (h) The parties agree and acknowledge that the promises and agreements set forth in Sections 8.1 (Confidentiality) and 8.2 (Non-Competition) of this Agreement shall not be subject to the arbitration provisions set forth in this Section 12.8, but rather such claims may be brought in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This Agreement to arbitrate does not apply to claims arising under federal statutes that prohibit pre-dispute arbitration agreements. This Agreement to arbitrate does not preclude Executive from filing a claim or charge with a governmental administrative agency, such as the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or from filing a workers compensation or unemployment compensation claim in a statutorily-specified forum. 
 12.9 Code Section 280G . If the present value of all payments, distributions and benefits provided to the Participant or for the Participant s benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise which constitute a parachute payment when aggregated with other payments, distributions, and benefits which constitute parachute payments, exceed two hundred ninety-nine percent (299 of the Participant s base amount, then such payments, distributions and benefits shall either be (i) paid and delivered in full, or (ii) paid and delivered in such lesser amount as would result in no portion of such payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), whichever of the foregoing amounts (taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax) results in the receipt by the Participant on an after-tax basis of materially larger payments, distributions and benefits as determined by the Company. As used herein, parachute payment has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, without regard to Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A)(ii) and base amount has the meaning ascribed to it in Code Section 280G and the regulations thereunder. If the present value as defined in Code Sections 280G(d)(4) and 1274(b) (2), of such aggregate parachute payments as determined by the Company exceeds the 299 limitation set forth herein and subparagraph (ii) above applies, such payments, distributions and benefits shall be reduced by the Company in accordance with the order of priority set forth below so that such reduced amount will result in no 
 23 

portion of the payments, distributions and benefits being subject to the Excise Tax. Such payments, distributions and benefits will be reduced by the Company in accordance with the following order of priority (A) reduction of cash payments (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of Equity Awards and (C) reduction of employee benefits. If acceleration of vesting of Equity Award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the Participant s Equity Awards. 
 12.10 Indemnification Liability Insurance . To the extent provided in the Company s Code of Regulations and Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the limitations on indemnification provided under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and regulations thereto (the Dodd-Frank Act ), the Company shall indemnify Executive for losses or damages incurred by Executive as a result of all causes of action arising from Executive s performance of duties for the benefit of the Company, whether or not the claim is asserted during the Employment Period. Executive shall be provided with the same level of directors and officers liability insurance coverage provided to other directors and officers of the Company on the same terms and conditions applicable to such other directors and officers. 
 12.11 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. 
 12.12 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and shall have the same effect as if the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument. 
 12.13 Attorneys Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for the reasonable attorneys fees incurred, if any, in the negotiation, preparation and enforcement of this Agreement. 
 
 Signature Page to Follow 

24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

By s Richard Zimmerman 
 Name Richard A. Zimmerman 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE 

s Robert White 
 Robert White 

25 

Exhibit A 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This RELEASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated __________________, is made and entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Robert White (the Employee ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee previously entered into an Employment Agreement dated _______________ (the Employment Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Employee s employment the Company has terminated effective _______________. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein and in the Employment Agreement, the Company and the Employee agree as follows 
 1. General Release and Waiver of Claims . 
 (a) In consideration of Employee s right to receive the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 6 of the Employment Agreement, the Employee, on behalf of himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 1 as Employee ), hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Company and its past, present and future affiliates and related entities, parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions, shareholders, predecessors, current, former and future officers, directors, employees, trustees, fiduciaries, administrators, executives, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Released Parties from any and all waivable claims, charges, demands, sums of money, actions, rights, promises, agreements, causes of action, obligations and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, at law or in equity, whether known or unknown, existing or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, apparent or concealed, foreign or domestic (hereinafter collectively referred to as claims which he has now or in the future may claim to have against any or all of the Company Released Parties based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. Such claims include, without limitation, claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq . Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq . the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq . the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the Equal Pay Act of 1963, 29 U.S.C. 206(d) Section 806 of the Corporate and Criminal Fraud Accountability Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1681 et seq . the Fair 
 26 

Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. any other federal, state or local statutory laws relating to employment, discrimination in employment, termination of employment, wages, benefits or otherwise or any other federal, state or local constitution, statute, rule, or regulation, including, but not limited to, any ordinance addressing fair employment practices any claims for employment or reemployment by the Company Released Parties any common law claims, including but not limited to actions in tort, defamation and breach of contract any claim or damage arising out of Employee s employment with or separation from the Company Released Parties (including a claim for retaliation) under any common law theory or any federal, state or local statute or ordinance not expressly referenced above and any and all claims for counsel fees and cost. 
 (b) The Company, on behalf of itself and the other Company Related Parties, hereby agrees to irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forever discharge the Employee from any and all claims (as defined above) which such parties have now or in the future may claim to have against Employee based upon or arising out of any facts, acts, conduct, omissions, transactions, occurrences, contracts, claims, events, causes, matters or things of any conceivable kind or character existing or occurring or claimed to exist or to have occurred prior to the date of the Employee s execution of this Agreement. 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.d and 1.e below, Employee and the Company (each a party represents and affirms that such party has not filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any claim for relief against the other party or any releasee and, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no outstanding claims for relief have been filed or asserted against the other party or any releasee on their behalf. In the event either party has filed or caused to be filed on their behalf any such claim for relief, such party shall promptly withdraw and dismiss such claim with prejudice. 
 (d) In waiving and releasing any and all waivable claims whether or not now known, Employee and the Company understands that this means that, if they later discovers facts different from or in addition to those facts currently known by them, or believed by them to be true, the waivers and releases of this Agreement will remain effective in all respects despite such different or additional facts and the later discovery of such facts, even if the party would not have agreed to this Agreement if such party had prior knowledge of such facts. 
 (e) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, prevents or prohibits Employee from filing a claim with a government agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that is responsible for enforcing a law on behalf of the government. However, Employee understands that, because Employee is waiving and releasing, among other things, any and all claims for monetary damages and any other form of personal relief (per Section 1.a above), Employee may only seek and receive non-monetary forms of relief through any such claim. 
 27 

(f) Nothing in this Section 1, or elsewhere in this Agreement, is intended as, or shall be deemed or operate as, a release by the Employee (i) of any claims for payments to which the Employee is entitled under the express language of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, (ii) of any claims for vested benefits (e.g., medical or 401(k) benefits) and (iii) of any right that the Employee had immediately prior to his termination of employment to be indemnified by any Company Released Party or to coverage under any directors and officers insurance policy and any run-off policy thereto. 
 2. No Admission of Liability . It is understood that nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as an admission on behalf of the Company Released Parties or the Employee of any wrongdoing with respect to the other party, any such wrongdoing being expressly denied . 
 3. Acknowledgement of Waiver and Release of Claims Under ADEA . 
 (a) The Employee acknowledges that, pursuant to Section 1 hereof, he is agreeing to waive and release any claims he may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA and that he is doing so knowingly and voluntarily. The Employee also acknowledges that the consideration given for the ADEA waiver and release under this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which the Employee was already entitled. The Employee further acknowledges that he has been advised by the Company, as required by the ADEA, that 
 (i) the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the date he signs this Agreement 
 (ii) he should consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily not to do so) 
 (iii) he has twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (although he may choose voluntarily to sign it earlier) 
 (iv) he has seven (7) days following the date he signs this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering a written notice of such revocation to PERSON ADDRESS and 
 (v) this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the first day following the end of the seven-day revocation period provided that the Employee has signed, returned and not revoked this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (b) Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the ADEA waiver and release contained in this Agreement, nor does it prevent the Employee from filing a charge with the EEOC to enforce the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. 
 28 

4. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles. 
 (b) Consent to Jurisdiction . Any action by the parties hereto related to this Agreement may be instituted in any state or federal court having proper subject matter jurisdiction located within the State of Ohio, or in any other court in which jurisdiction is otherwise proper. Accordingly, the Company and the Employee irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit to the jurisdiction of any such court and (b) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action brought in such court and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (c) Prior Agreements . Unless stated otherwise expressly herein, the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (d) Construction . There shall be no presumption that any ambiguity in this Agreement should be resolved in favor of one party hereto and against another party hereto. Any controversy concerning the construction of this Agreement shall be decided neutrally without regard to authorship. 
 (e) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts will, when executed by the parties hereto, together constitute but one agreement. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be the equivalent of manually signed originals. 
 
 THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS HIS OR ITS OWN FREE ACT. 
 
 Signature page to follow 

29 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above. 

COMPANY 

By ___________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

EMPLOYEE 

______________________________ 
 Robert White 

30 

Exhibit B 
 ROLLOVER EQUITY 
 Equity Award Company Shares (As Converted Post-Closing) Vesting Schedule 
 (Post-Closing) 
 2022 RSA 608 100 on 2 24 2025 2023 RSA 1,602 50 each on 2 24 2025 23 2026 2024 RSA 6,077 1 3 each on 3 31 2025, 2 23 2026 22 2027 2021 PSU 5,931 100 on 12 31 2024 2022 PSU 5,789 100 on 12 31 2024 2023 PSU 3,762 100 on 12 31 2025 2024 PSU 14,179 100 on 12 31 2026 Promotion 6,000 100 on 2 24 2025 
 
 31 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 13
 sixflags-q3xex10182024.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

Exhibit 10.18 

 FORM OF PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 2024 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Participant 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Target Performance Stock Units Target PSUs PSUs 
 
 THIS PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of the Grant Date specified above, is entered into by and between Six Flags Entertainment Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company and the Participant specified above, pursuant to the Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the Plan ), which is administered by the Committee. 
 WHEREAS, it has been determined under the Plan, it is in the best interests of the Company to grant the Performance Stock Units PSUs denominated in shares of Common Stock provided herein to the Participant. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Incorporation By Reference Plan Document Receipt . Except as set forth in the last sentence of this Section 1, this Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and provisions of the Plan (including, without limitation, any amendments thereto adopted at any time and from time to time unless such amendments are expressly intended not to apply to the award provided hereunder), all of which terms and provisions are made a part of and incorporated in this Agreement as if they were each expressly set forth herein. Any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as is ascribed thereto in the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 
 2. Grant of Performance Stock Unit Award . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, as of the Grant Date specified above, a number of PSUs equal to the Target PSU amount set forth above. Each PSU corresponds to one share of Common Stock that may be issued in the future upon and to the extent the performance conditions set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Performance Goals ), are achieved during the Performance Period set forth on 

Exhibit A hereto, as determined by the Committee. The PSUs may result in the Participant earning as few as zero shares of Common Stock or as many as shares of Common Stock (the PSUs that actually become earned based on the achievement of the Performance Goals are referred to herein as the Earned PSUs ). Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the Participant agrees and understands that nothing contained in this Agreement provides, or is intended to provide, the Participant with any protection against potential future dilution of the Participant s interest in the Company for any reason, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect of the shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or this Agreement. 
 3. Forfeiture . Subject to Section 7(b), all PSUs that have not become Earned PSUs shall be immediately forfeited without consideration upon the Participant s termination of employment for any reason, including in the event of the Participant s Retirement, and the Participant shall have no right to receive the underlying shares of Common Stock with respect to such PSUs. 
 4. Vesting and Delivery of Shares . 
 (a) Within thirty (30) days following the Performance Period End Date (as defined in Exhibit A hereto), the Company shall deliver to the Participant the number of shares of Common Stock that correspond to the number of PSUs that become Cumulative Earned PSUs (as defined in Exhibit A hereto) through the Performance Period End Date, provided the Participant is employed in good standing by the Company on the Performance Period End Date. 
 (b) No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be delivered under this Agreement, and any fractional share that may be deliverable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. 
 5. Rights as Stockholder . Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder (including, without limitation, dividend and voting rights) with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by any PSU unless and until the Participant has become the holder of record of such shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs. Further, the PSUs subject to this grant shall not be credited with Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 6. Non-Transferability . No portion of the PSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, encumbered, hypothecated or pledged by the Participant, other than to the Company as a result of forfeiture of the PSUs as provided herein, unless and until payment is made in respect of Earned PSUs in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Participant has become the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder. 
 7. Termination for Cause Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason Covenant Breach Restatements . 
 (a) Consequences of a For Cause Termination . If (x) the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, or (y) the Participant materially breaches the restrictive 

covenants set forth in Section 8 of the Employment Agreement by and between the Participant and the Company, dated , 2024 (the Employment Agreement (a Covenant Breach ), then 
 (i) The Participant shall immediately forfeit all outstanding PSUs awarded pursuant to this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Earned PSUs) and shall have no right to receive the underlying shares of Common Stock and 
 (ii) If the delivery of shares of Common Stock underlying any PSUs has occurred and the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause within 90 days thereafter or the Participant engages in a Covenant Breach, the Participant shall repay and transfer to the Company (A) the number of shares of Common Stock issued to the Participant under this Agreement (the Forfeited Shares ), which shall include, with respect to any Forfeited Shares that have been sold by the Participant prior to the Company s demand for repayment, the repayment by the Participant to the Company of 100 of the proceeds of such sale or sales, plus (B) the amount of cash equal to the withholding taxes paid by withholding and or selling shares of Common Stock (if any) from the Participant on the respective payment dates in Section 5. 
 (b) Consequences of a Termination Without Cause or for Good Reason . If the Participant s employment is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason, the vesting provisions under Section 6.1(b)(ii)(B) or Section 6.1(f) of the Employment Agreement, as applicable, shall apply. 
 (c) Restatement of Financial Statements . In addition to the other provisions in this Section 7, this Agreement, or the Plan (including without limitation Section 13.3 of the Plan), the PSUs and any shares of Common Stock issued under the PSUs shall be subject to any policies of the Company in effect on the Grant Date or adopted by the Company at any time thereafter that provide for forfeiture of the PSUs and recoupment of any shares of Common Stock issued under the PSUs or of any gain received by the Participant in connection with the sale of shares of Common Stock received under the PSUs in the event of any restatement of the Company s financial statements or other triggering event under such policies. 
 (d) Nonsolicitation Noncompetition . 
 (i) During the term of employment and for a period of two (2) years following Participant s termination of employment from the Company Termination ), Participant agrees that he will not individually or on behalf of his employer or any other person or entity, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert, or recruit any employee or officer of Company or any Subsidiary, or induce any employee of Company or any Subsidiary, to terminate his employment. In addition, during the term of employment and for a period of one (1) year following Termination, Participant agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly, as an employee, consultant, principal, agent, trustee or otherwise engage in any business through a corporation, partnership or other entity that competes directly with any business that is conducted by Company or any Subsidiary and that (x) Participant was directly or indirectly engaged in on behalf of Company or any Subsidiary or (y) Participant obtained confidential information regarding during the course of his employment (the Restricted Business ). The restrictions in 

this Section 7(d)(i) are further limited geographically to any country in which Company or any Subsidiary engages in the Restricted Business. 
 (ii) The Company has attempted to place the most reasonable limitations on Participant s subsequent employment opportunities consistent with the protection of Company s valuable trade secrets, business interests, and goodwill. In order to accommodate Participant in obtaining subsequent employment, the Company may, in its discretion, grant a waiver of one or more of the restrictions on subsequent employment contained in this Section 7(d). A request for waiver shall be in writing and must be received by the Company at least forty-five (45) days before the proposed starting date of the employment for which Participant is seeking a waiver. The request must include the full name and address of the organization with which Participant is seeking employment the department or area in which Participant proposes to work the position or job title to be held by Participant and a complete description of the duties Participant expects to perform for such employer. If Company decides to grant a waiver (which decision shall be solely within Company s discretion), the waiver may be subject to such restrictions or conditions as the Company may impose. 
 (e) Determinations . The People, Culture, and Compensation Committee (the Committee shall make all determinations regarding this Section 7, other than a determination as to whether the Participant was terminated for Cause, Good Reason or committed a Covenant Breach, each of which shall be determined in accordance with the Employment Agreement, and the determinations by the Committee shall be final and binding on all parties. 
 (f) Company and its Affiliates . All references in this Section 7 to the Company shall include the Company and any of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 
 8. Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 9. Withholding of Tax . Any amount that the Company may be required to withhold upon the vesting or earning of PSUs, distribution of shares of Common Stock or any relevant tax withholding event with respect to PSUs in respect of applicable federal, state, local and foreign taxes of any kind (including, but not limited to, the Participant s FICA and SDI obligations) must be paid in full at the time of the issuance of shares of Common Stock or such relevant tax withholding time. Unless Participant makes other arrangements to satisfy this withholding obligation in accordance with procedures approved by the Company in its discretion or the Company determines otherwise, such portion of the shares of Common Stock as is necessary to satisfy the required withholding obligation related to the settlement of the PSUs will be sold into the market pursuant to a sell to cover tax arrangement. The Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant and hereby authorizes and agrees to make adequate provision for any sell to cover tax arrangement consistent with this Section 9. 
 10. Legend . The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of 

Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section 10. 
 11. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . Participant hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports and other related documents. Participant hereby consents to any and all procedures that the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of Plan documents (including documents relating to any programs adopted under the Plan), and agrees that his electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his manual signature. Participant consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan. 
 12. Entire Agreement Amendment . This Agreement, together with the Plan and the Employment Agreement, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or prior understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter. This Agreement supersedes the Performance Stock Unit Agreement that was originally attached to the Employment Agreement. The Committee shall have the right to modify or amend this Agreement from time to time in accordance with and as provided in the Plan. This Agreement may also be modified or amended by a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant. The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such modification or amendment of this Agreement as soon as practicable after the adoption thereof. 
 13. Notices . Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the Chief Legal & Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company. Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be deemed duly given upon delivery thereof to such address as the Participant may have on file with the Company. 
 14. No Right to Employment or Service . Any questions as to whether and when there has been a termination of employment and the cause of such termination shall be determined by the Committee. Nothing in this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company, its Subsidiaries or its Affiliates to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time, for any reason and with or without Cause. 
 15. Transfer of Personal Data . The Participant authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company (or any Subsidiary) of any personal data information related to the PSUs awarded under this Agreement for legitimate business purposes (including, without limitation, the administration of the Plan). This authorization and consent is freely given by the Participant. 
 16. Compliance with Laws . The grant of PSUs and the issuance of shares of Common Stock hereunder shall be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable 

requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act and, in each case, any respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law, rule, regulation or exchange requirement applicable thereto. The Company shall not be obligated to issue the PSUs or any shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements. As a condition to the settlement of the PSUs, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation. 
 17. Binding Agreement Assignment . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company and its successors and assigns. The Participant shall not assign (except in accordance with Section 6 hereof) any part of this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Company. 
 18. Headings . The titles and headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. 
 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 20. Further Assurances . Each party hereto shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as either party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder. 
 21. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 22. No Acquired Rights . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time (b) the Award of PSUs made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or grant and is made in the discretion of the Company (c) no past grants or awards (including, without limitation, the PSUs awarded hereunder) give the Participant any right to any grants or awards in the future whatsoever and (d) any benefits granted under this Agreement are not part of the Participant s ordinary salary, and shall not be considered as part of such salary in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation. 
 23. Section 409A . Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the contrary, the PSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement are intended to comply with the applicable 

requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. If the Participant is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Committee, at a time when the Participant becomes eligible for settlement of the PSUs upon his separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, then to the extent necessary to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, such settlement will be delayed until the earlier of (a) the date that is six (6) months following the Participant s separation from service and (b) the Participant s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Affiliates make no representations that the PSUs provided under this Agreement are compliant with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any Affiliate be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Participant on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
 SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION 
 By Name Title 
 PARTICIPANT 

EXHIBIT A TO THE PSU AGREEMENT 
 1. Generally . The Initial Incentive Grant s Performance Period shall be from ____________ through and including ____________ (the Performance Period End Date ). The number of performance share units PSUs that are earned during the Performance Period shall be equal to the number of Cumulative Earned PSUs (as defined below) and as determined pursuant to Section 2 of this Exhibit. 
 
 2. Goals and Earned PSUs 
 
 (a) The Adjusted EBITDA Earned Amount shall be a number of PSUs determined as follows, based on achievement of the applicable level of Adjusted EBITDA on any Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date (the Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goals ). With respect to performance up to and including ____________ , the Mid-Year Performance Goals (as set forth below) shall apply. Following ____________ , the Year End Performance Goals (as set forth below) shall apply. 
 Mid-Year Performance Goals 
 (trailing four quarters) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goal Level of PSU Achievement Less than __________ 0 __________ 25 (Minimum Level) __________ 50 (Threshold Level) __________ 100 (Target Level) __________ 200 (Maximum Level) 
 
 Year-End Performance Goals 
 (trailing four quarters) 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goal Level of PSU Achievement Less than __________ 0 __________ 25 (Minimum Level) __________ 50 (Threshold Level) __________ 100 (Target Level) __________ 200 (Maximum Level) 
 
 The number of PSUs earned (i) at the target level of achievement above shall be equal to the target number of shares specified in the applicable Employment Agreement, (ii) at the maximum level of achievement shall be equal to two (2) times target, (iii) at the minimum level 

of achievement shall be one-quarter (1 4) of target, and (iv) at the threshold level of achievement shall be one-half (1 2) of target. 
 
 If the level of Adjusted EBITDA achieved by the Company on any Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date is between any two Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goals set forth in the above tables, the Adjusted EBITDA Earned Amount for such Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date shall be determined using linear interpolation. 
 (b) Adjusted EBITDA shall be determined by the People, Culture, and Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee based on achievement of Adjusted EBITDA during any consecutive four (4) fiscal quarters during the Performance Period (each, an Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date ). For clarity, an Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date shall occur at the end of each fiscal quarter during the Performance Period. 
 (c) Upon any Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date, the Committee shall determine whether an Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goal has been achieved in respect of the preceding consecutive four (4) fiscal quarters, in which case a number of PSUs equal to the Adjusted EBITDA Earned Amount corresponding to such Adjusted EBITDA Performance Goal, net of any PSUs already earned under the award prior to that Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date, shall be designated as Incremental Earned PSUs, in accordance with Section 2(a) above provided , that any PSUs that have not yet been earned as of such Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date shall remain outstanding and eligible to be earned on any subsequent Adjusted EBITDA Determination Date during the Performance Period. On the Performance Period End Date, the Cumulative Earned PSUs shall be calculated as the sum of all Incremental Earned PSUs earned during the Performance Period. 
 3. Definitions . 
 (a) Adjusted EBITDA , for any period, shall mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, other non-cash items and adjustments as defined in the Company s 2024 Credit Agreement, as amended, and as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements of the Company which are examined by the independent accountants for the Company. 
 (b) Cumulative Earned PSUs shall mean all PSUs that become Earned PSUs during the Performance Period. 
 (c) Incremental Earned PSUs shall mean any PSUs that become Earned PSUs during any consecutive four (4) fiscal quarters during the Performance Period. 
 4. Adjustments . The Committee may, at any time, approve adjustments after consulting the Participant to the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, or the component parts thereof, to take into account such unanticipated circumstances or significant, non-recurring or unplanned events as the Committee may determine after consulting the Participant, and such adjustments may increase or decrease Adjusted EBITDA or the component parts thereof, provided that any such adjustment shall not adversely impact the Participant without 

Participant s consent. Circumstances that may be the basis for such adjustments include, but shall not be limited to, any change in applicable accounting rules or principles any gain or loss on the disposition of a business impairment of assets a merger or similar business combination transaction or material changes in the size of the Company due to acquisitions or dispositions of assets dilution caused by acquiring a business tax changes and tax impacts of other changes changes in applicable laws and regulations changes in rate case timing changes in the Company s structure and any other circumstances outside of management s control or the ordinary course of business. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-22>
 14
 sixflags-q3xex222024.htm
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND ISSUERS

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 (As of September 29, 2024) 
 
 Entity Co-Issuers Guarantors Six Flags Entertainment Corporation X Magnum Management Corporation X Canada's Wonderland Company X Millennium Operations LLC X California's Great America LLC X Carowinds LLC X Cedar Fair Southwest Inc. X Cedar Point Park LLC X Dorney Park LLC X Galveston Waterpark, LLC X Geauga Lake LLC X Kings Dominion LLC X Kings Island Company X Kings Island Park LLC X Knott's Berry Farm LLC X Michigan's Adventure, Inc. X Michigan's Adventure Park LLC X New Braunfels Waterpark, LLC X Sawmill Creek LLC X Valleyfair LLC X Wonderland Company Inc. X Worlds of Fun LLC X Six Flags Theme Parks Inc. X Fiesta Texas, Inc. X Funtime Parks, Inc. X Great America LLC X Great Escape Holding Inc. X Hurricane Harbor GP LLC X Hurricane Harbor LP LLC X Magic Mountain LLC X Park Management Corp. X Premier International Holdings Inc. X Premier Parks Holdings Inc. X SF Great America Holding LLC X Six Flags International Development Co. X Six Flags Operations Inc. X Six Flags Services, Inc. X Six Flags Services of Illinois, Inc. X Six Flags Concord LLC X Six Flags Darien LLC X Six Flags Darien Seasonal LLC X Six Flags Splashtown LLC X 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS AND ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES (CONTINUED) 
 (As of September 29, 2024) 
 
 Entity Co-Issuers Guarantors HWP Development LLC X HWP Development Holdings LLC X Six Flags MW LLC X Six Flags Ecommerce LLC X Six Flags America Inc. X Riverside Park Enterprises, Inc. X Six Flags America Property Corporation X Six Flags Great Adventure LLC X Six Flags St. Louis LLC X Stuart Amusement Company X Funtime, Inc. X Six Flags Phoenix LLC X Six Flags Frontier LLC X Six Flags WW Bay LLC X Hurricane Harbor LP X Six Flags America LP X Six Flags Great Escape L.P. X Great Escape Theme Park L.P. X Great Escape Rides L.P. X 

</EX-22>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 sixflags-q3xex3112024.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Richard A. Zimmerman, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Richard A. Zimmerman Richard A. Zimmerman President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 sixflags-q3xex3122024.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian C. Witherow, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 s Brian C. Witherow Brian C. Witherow Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 17
 sixflags-q3xex322024.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 6, 2024 
 
 s Richard A. Zimmerman Richard A. Zimmerman President and Chief Executive Officer s Brian C. Witherow Brian C. Witherow Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 fun-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 fun-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 fun-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 fun-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 fun-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

